═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. In 2007, a piece of space debris punched a bullet-like hole through the shuttle Endeavor.
2. Chinese scientists devised a new aluminum material inspired by eggshells to protect spacecraft from debris.
3. The new protective material was detailed in a paper published in the Journal of Applied Physics.
4. In 2012, MIT engineer Pedro Reis co-authored a paper demonstrating an egg ovoid geometry and rigidity.
5. Reis studied eggshells after participating in a popular physics demonstration involving walking on cartons of eggs.
6. It takes around 5.5 pounds of force to crack an egg depending on the direction applied.
7. This research matters because intensifying space debris threatens the growing number of spacecraft launched into orbit.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Chinese scientists have developed a new aluminum material inspired by eggshells to protect next-generation spacecraft against space debris fragments. The research was published in the Journal of Applied Physics. The problem of space debris has intensified due to a growing number of satellite constellations, telescopes, and spacecraft launched into orbit, following incidents such as a 2007 event where a piece of debris punched a bullet-like hole through the radiator panel of the US space shuttle Endeavor. Scientists have long studied eggshells for their mechanical properties and ovoid geometry, which dictates their rigidity and helps predict how much force they can endure before cracking. While walking on cartons of eggs demonstrates that an egg can support weight when force is properly distributed, taking around 5.5 pounds of force to crack an egg depending on the direction and distribution of the applied force, researchers are applying these geometric and structural principles to engineering more resilient aerospace materials.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

71% covered (5/7). Missing: In 2012, MIT engineer Pedro Reis co-authored a paper demonstrating an egg ovoid geometry and rigidity.; Reis studied eggshells after participating in a popular physics demonstration involving walking on cartons of eggs.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

Chinese scientists have developed a new aluminum material inspired by eggshells to protect next-generation spacecraft against space debris fragments. The research was published in the Journal of Applied Physics. The problem of space debris has intensified due to a growing number of satellite constellations, telescopes, and spacecraft launched into orbit, following incidents such as a 2007 event where a piece of debris punched a bullet-like hole through the radiator panel of the US space shuttle Endeavor. Scientists have long studied eggshells for their mechanical properties and ovoid geometry, which dictates their rigidity and helps predict how much force they can endure before cracking. In 2012, MIT engineer Pedro Reis co-authored a paper demonstrating an egg ovoid geometry and rigidity. Reis studied eggshells after participating in a popular physics demonstration involving walking on cartons of eggs. While walking on cartons of eggs demonstrates that an egg can support weight when force is properly distributed, taking around 5.5 pounds of force to crack an egg depending on the direction and distribution of the applied force, researchers are applying these geometric and structural principles to engineering more resilient aerospace materials.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Chinese scientists have developed a new aluminum material inspired by eggshells. The material protects next-generation spacecraft against space debris fragments. The research was published in the Journal of Applied Physics. 

The problem of space debris has intensified recently. A growing number of satellite constellations and telescopes and spacecraft are launched into orbit. This follows a major incident in two thousand seven. A piece of debris punched a bullet-like hole through the radiator panel of the United States space shuttle Endeavor. 

Scientists have long studied eggshells for their mechanical properties and ovoid geometry. This shape dictates their rigidity and helps predict how much force they can endure before cracking. In twelve, M. I. T. engineer, Pedro Reis co-authored a paper demonstrating egg ovoid geometry and rigidity. 

Reis studied eggshells after participating in a popular physics demonstration. He walked on cartons of eggs. Walking on cartons of eggs demonstrates that an egg can support weight when force is properly distributed. It takes around five point five pounds of force to crack an egg depending on the direction and distribution of the applied force. 

Researchers are now applying these geometric and structural principles to engineering more resilient aerospace materials.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Chinese scientists have developed a new aluminum material inspired by eggshells. The material protects next-generation spacecraft against space debris fragments. The research was published in the Journal of Applied Physics.

The problem of space debris has intensified recently. A growing number of satellite constellations and telescopes and spacecraft are launched into orbit. This follows a major incident in two thousand seven. A piece of debris punched a bullet-like hole through the radiator panel of the United States space shuttle Endeavor.

Scientists have long studied eggshells for their mechanical properties and ovoid geometry. This shape dictates their rigidity and helps predict how much force they can endure before cracking. In twelve, M. I. T. engineer, Pedro Reis co-authored a paper demonstrating egg ovoid geometry and rigidity.

Reis studied eggshells after participating in a popular physics demonstration. He walked on cartons of eggs. Walking on cartons of eggs demonstrates that an egg can support weight when force is properly distributed. It takes around five point five pounds of force to crack an egg depending on the direction and distribution of the applied force.

Researchers are now applying these geometric and structural principles to engineering more resilient aerospace materials.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

SKIPPED: 503 UNAVAILABLE. {'error': {'code': 503, 'message': 'This model is currently experiencing high demand. Spikes in demand are usually temporary. Please try again later.', 'status': 'UNAVAILABLE'}}

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: In twelve, M. I. T.

