═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Fusion startups are increasingly embracing defense applications as venture capital funding for climate tech has stalled.
2. Laser-based fusion startup Xcimer announced a partnership and investment deal with defense conglomerate RTX last week.
3. Xcimer operates the largest privately owned laser system in the world, named Phoenix, to develop a power plant.
4. Pacific Fusion announced a memorandum of understanding last month with the National Nuclear Security Administration.
5. Pacific Fusion broke ground on a new demonstration facility in New Mexico near major national laboratories.
6. Keith LeChein stated that the facility they are building has utility in this world-leading defense application.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Fusion power startups are increasingly turning to defense applications as venture capital funding for climate tech stalls. The shift is driven by the defense industry's growing interest in laser weapons, which offer a cost-effective alternative to traditional missiles in countering cheap drones. Laser-based fusion startups are finding natural partners in defense contractors seeking advanced laser technology. Last week, Denver-based laser fusion startup Xcimer announced a partnership and investment from RTX Ventures, the venture arm of conglomerate RTX. Xcimer operates what it says is the largest privately owned laser system in the world, called Phoenix, which it plans to use to develop a power plant while allowing RTX to explore the lasers for its own purposes. Similarly, Pacific Fusion announced a memorandum of understanding last month with the National Nuclear Security Administration to collaborate on high-energy-density fusion experiments. The startup broke ground on a demonstration facility in New Mexico near Sandia and Los Alamos National Laboratories, designed to generate more power than it consumes while also serving nuclear weapons experiments. Keith LeChein, co-founder and chief technical officer at Pacific Fusion, told TechCrunch recently that the facility has utility in world-leading defense applications, noting that defense uses were always considered. Carrie von Muench, co-founder and chief operating officer, echoed that defense applications were always on their mind.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Fusion power startups are increasingly turning to defense applications as venture capital funding for climate tech stalls. The shift is driven by the defense industry's growing interest in laser weapons, which offer a cost-effective alternative to traditional missiles in countering cheap drones. Laser-based fusion startups are finding natural partners in defense contractors seeking advanced laser technology. Last week, Denver-based laser fusion startup Xcimer announced a partnership and investment from RTX Ventures, the venture arm of conglomerate RTX. Xcimer operates what it says is the largest privately owned laser system in the world, called Phoenix, which it plans to use to develop a power plant while allowing RTX to explore the lasers for its own purposes. Meanwhile, Pacific Fusion announced an MOU last month with the National Nuclear Security Administration. The startup broke ground on a demonstration facility in New Mexico near Sandia and Los Alamos National Laboratories, designed to generate more power than it consumes while also serving nuclear weapons experiments. Keith LeChein, co-founder and chief technical officer at Pacific Fusion, told TechCrunch recently that the facility has utility in world-leading defense applications, noting that defense uses were always considered. Carrie von Muench, co-founder and chief operating officer, echoed that defense applications were always on their mind.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

Fusion power startups are increasingly turning to defense applications as venture capital funding for climate tech stalls. The shift is driven by the defense industry's growing interest in laser weapons, which offer a cost-effective alternative to traditional missiles in countering cheap drones. Laser-based fusion startups are finding natural partners in defense contractors seeking advanced laser technology. Last week, Denver-based laser fusion startup Xcimer announced a partnership and investment from RTX Ventures, the venture arm of conglomerate RTX. Xcimer operates what it says is the largest privately owned laser system in the world, called Phoenix, which it plans to use to develop a power plant while allowing RTX to explore the lasers for its own purposes. The startup broke ground on a demonstration facility in New Mexico near Sandia and Los Alamos National Laboratories, designed to generate more power than it consumes while also serving nuclear weapons experiments. Keith LeChein, co-founder and chief technical officer at Pacific Fusion, told TechCrunch recently that the facility has utility in world-leading defense applications, noting that defense uses were always considered. Carrie von Muench, co-founder and chief operating officer, echoed that defense applications were always on their mind.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

83% covered (5/6). Missing: Pacific Fusion announced a memorandum of understanding last month with the National Nuclear Security Administration.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

Fusion power startups are increasingly turning to defense applications as venture capital funding for climate tech stalls. The shift is driven by the defense industry's growing interest in laser weapons, which offer a cost-effective alternative to traditional missiles in countering cheap drones. Laser-based fusion startups are finding natural partners in defense contractors seeking advanced laser technology. Last week, Denver-based laser fusion startup Xcimer announced a partnership and investment from RTX Ventures, the venture arm of conglomerate RTX. Xcimer operates what it says is the largest privately owned laser system in the world, called Phoenix, which it plans to use to develop a power plant while allowing RTX to explore the lasers for its own purposes. Pacific Fusion announced a memorandum of understanding last month with the National Nuclear Security Administration. The startup broke ground on a demonstration facility in New Mexico near Sandia and Los Alamos National Laboratories, designed to generate more power than it consumes while also serving nuclear weapons experiments. Keith LeChein, co-founder and chief technical officer at Pacific Fusion, told TechCrunch recently that the facility has utility in world-leading defense applications, noting that defense uses were always considered. Carrie von Muench, co-founder and chief operating officer, echoed that defense applications were always on their mind.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Fusion power startups are turning to defense applications because venture capital funding for climate technology is stalling. The defense industry wants laser weapons because they offer a cheap alternative to traditional missiles for stopping drones. Laser fusion startups make natural partners for defense contractors who need advanced laser technology. 

Last week, a Denver-based laser fusion startup named , Xcimer announced a partnership and investment from R. T. X. Ventures. R. T. X. Ventures is the venture arm of the conglomerate R. T. X. 

Xcimer operates the largest privately owned laser system in the world. The system is called Phoenix, and the company plans to use it to build a power plant. R. T. X. will use the system to explore lasers for its own purposes. 

Pacific Fusion announced a memorandum of understanding last month with the National Nuclear Security Administration. The startup broke ground on a demonstration facility in New Mexico near Sandia and Los Alamos National Laboratories. The facility is designed to generate more power than it consumes while also serving nuclear weapons experiments. 

, Keith LeChein, who is the co-founder and chief technical officer at Pacific Fusion, told TechCrunch recently that the facility has utility in world-leading defense applications. He noted that defense uses were always considered. 

, Carrie von Muench, who is the co-founder and chief operating officer, echoed that defense applications were always on their mind.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Fusion power startups are turning to defense applications because venture capital funding for climate technology is stalling. The defense industry wants laser weapons because they offer a cheap alternative to traditional missiles for stopping drones. Laser fusion startups make natural partners for defense contractors who need advanced laser technology.

Last week, a Denver-based laser fusion startup named, Xcimer announced a partnership and investment from R. T. X. Ventures. R. T. X. Ventures is the venture arm of the conglomerate R. T. X.

Xcimer operates the largest privately owned laser system in the world. The system is called Phoenix, and the company plans to use it to build a power plant. R. T. X. will use the system to explore lasers for its own purposes.

Pacific Fusion announced a memorandum of understanding last month with the National Nuclear Security Administration. The startup broke ground on a demonstration facility in New Mexico near Sandia and Los Alamos National Laboratories. The facility is designed to generate more power than it consumes while also serving nuclear weapons experiments., Keith LeChein, who is the co-founder and chief technical officer at Pacific Fusion, told TechCrunch recently that the facility has utility in world-leading defense applications. He noted that defense uses were always considered., Carrie von Muench, who is the co-founder and chief operating officer, echoed that defense applications were always on their mind.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

SKIPPED: 429 RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED. {'error': {'code': 429, 'message': 'You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, head to: https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/rate-limits. To monitor your current usage, head to: https://ai.dev/rate-limit. \n* Quota exceeded for metric: generativelanguage.googleapis.com/generate_content_free_tier_requests, limit: 15, model: gemini-3.5-flash-lite\nPlease retry in 23.443916869s.', 'status': 'RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED', 'details': [{'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.Help', 'links': [{'description': 'Learn more about Gemini API quotas', 'url': 'https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/rate-limits'}]}, {'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.QuotaFailure', 'violations': [{'quotaMetric': 'generativelanguage.googleapis.com/generate_content_free_tier_requests', 'quotaId': 'GenerateRequestsPerMinutePerProjectPerModel-FreeTier', 'quotaDimensions': {'location': 'global', 'model': 'gemini-3.5-flash-lite'}, 'quotaValue': '15'}]}, {'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.RetryInfo', 'retryDelay': '23s'}]}}

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: awkward punctuation

