═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Actor Tatyana Ali advocates for Black and Indigenous maternal health after experiencing obstetric violence in 2016.
2. In 2024, federal data shows that 649 women in the United States died of maternal causes.
3. Black mothers in the United States are more than three times as likely to die from pregnancy-related causes.
4. Tatyana Ali founded a business called Baby Yams to fund grants to Black and Indigenous birth workers.
5. Ali described her traumatic delivery by saying, "After they pushed him inside me, and I remember roaring."
6. More than 500 hospitals closed maternity wards between 2010 and 2022, according to a medical journal study.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Actor and singer Tatyana Ali is advocating for Black and Indigenous maternal health after experiencing obstetric violence during the 2016 delivery of her first son, Aszi. Ali, 47, said her birth plan was ignored at the hospital, where she was physically restrained by about four people while doctors performed a rare Zavanelli maneuver to push the baby back inside her before an emergency c-section. 

Federal data shows 649 women in the United States died of maternal causes in 2024, with Black mothers more than three times as likely to die from pregnancy-related causes than white women. Dr. Tamika Auguste, chair of women's and infants' services at MedStar Washington Hospital Center, noted that bias and the dangerous misconception that Black patients have a higher threshold for pain continue to negatively impact care. Auguste added that hospital closures and maternity care deserts exacerbate the crisis, with more than 500 hospitals closing maternity wards between 2010 and 2022.

Ali founded a business called Baby Yams that sells heritage baby quilts and donates a portion of the proceeds to the Birth Future Foundation, which provides grants to midwives, doulas, and student birth workers. Nadia Gramby, a 41-year-old midwife in Alabama, completed her licensing requirements using a scholarship funded by Ali. A March of Dimes report released this year states that midwives are critical to expanding access to care in under-resourced communities, though some physicians and policymakers remain concerned about the safety of out-of-hospital births during emergencies. When Ali gave birth to her second son with her husband Vaughn Rasberry, the couple used a midwife and had their birth plan acknowledged. As Ali stated, "We deserve to be cared for. We deserve to have choices. We deserve to have control over our own bodies."

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

83% covered (5/6). Missing: Ali described her traumatic delivery by saying, "After they pushed him inside me, and I remember roaring."

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

Actor and singer Tatyana Ali is advocating for Black and Indigenous maternal health after experiencing obstetric violence during the 2016 delivery of her first son, Aszi. Ali, 47, said her birth plan was ignored at the hospital, where she was physically restrained by about four people while doctors performed a rare Zavanelli maneuver to push the baby back inside her before an emergency c-section. Ali described her traumatic delivery by saying, "After they pushed him inside me, and I remember roaring." 

Federal data shows 649 women in the United States died of maternal causes in 2024, with Black mothers more than three times as likely to die from pregnancy-related causes than white women. Dr. Tamika Auguste, chair of women's and infants' services at MedStar Washington Hospital Center, noted that bias and the dangerous misconception that Black patients have a higher threshold for pain continue to negatively impact care. Auguste added that hospital closures and maternity care deserts exacerbate the crisis, with more than 500 hospitals closing maternity wards between 2010 and 2022.

Ali founded a business called Baby Yams that sells heritage baby quilts and donates a portion of the proceeds to the Birth Future Foundation, which provides grants to midwives, doulas, and student birth workers. Nadia Gramby, a 41-year-old midwife in Alabama, completed her licensing requirements using a scholarship funded by Ali. A March of Dimes report released this year states that midwives are critical to expanding access to care in under-resourced communities, though some physicians and policymakers remain concerned about the safety of out-of-hospital births during emergencies. When Ali gave birth to her second son with her husband Vaughn Rasberry, the couple used a midwife and had their birth plan acknowledged. As Ali stated, "We deserve to be cared for. We deserve to have choices. We deserve to have control over our own bodies."

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Actor and singer Tatyana Ali is advocating for Black and Indigenous maternal health. She experienced obstetric violence during the twenty sixteen delivery of her first son, , Aszi. Ali is forty-seven years old. She said her birth plan was ignored at the hospital. She was physically restrained by about four people. Doctors performed a rare Zavanelli maneuver to push the baby back inside her before an emergency c-section. Ali described her traumatic delivery in her own words. She said, "After they pushed him inside me, and I remember roaring." 

Federal data shows six hundred forty-nine women in the United States died of maternal causes in twenty twenty-four. Black mothers are more than three times as likely to die from pregnancy-related causes than white women. Doctor , Tamika Auguste is the chair of women's and infants' services at MedStar Washington Hospital Center. She noted that bias and the dangerous misconception that Black patients have a higher threshold for pain continue to negatively impact care. Auguste added that hospital closures and maternity care deserts exacerbate the crisis. More than five hundred hospitals closed maternity wards between twenty ten and twenty twenty-two.

Ali founded a business called Baby Yams that sells heritage baby quilts. The company donates a portion of the proceeds to the Birth Future Foundation. That foundation provides grants to midwives, doulas, and student birth workers. Nadia Gramby is a forty-one-year-old midwife in Alabama. She completed her licensing requirements using a scholarship funded by Ali. A March of Dimes report released this year states that midwives are critical to expanding access to care in under-resourced communities. Some physicians and policymakers remain concerned about the safety of out-of-hospital births during emergencies. Ali gave birth to her second son with her husband , Vaughn Rasberry. The couple used a midwife and had their birth plan acknowledged. As Ali stated, "We deserve to be cared for. We deserve to have choices. We deserve to have control over our own bodies."

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Actor and singer Tatyana Ali is advocating for Black and Indigenous maternal health. She experienced obstetric violence during the twenty sixteen delivery of her first son, Aszi. Ali is forty-seven years old. She said her birth plan was ignored at the hospital. She was physically restrained by about four people. Doctors performed a rare Zavanelli maneuver to push the baby back inside her before an emergency c-section. Ali described her traumatic delivery in her own words. She said, "After they pushed him inside me, and I remember roaring."

Federal data shows six hundred forty-nine women in the United States died of maternal causes in twenty twenty-four. Black mothers are more than three times as likely to die from pregnancy-related causes than white women. Doctor, Tamika Auguste is the chair of women's and infants' services at MedStar Washington Hospital Center. She noted that bias and the dangerous misconception that Black patients have a higher threshold for pain continue to negatively impact care. Auguste added that hospital closures and maternity care deserts exacerbate the crisis. More than five hundred hospitals closed maternity wards between twenty ten and twenty twenty-two.

Ali founded a business called Baby Yams that sells heritage baby quilts. The company donates a portion of the proceeds to the Birth Future Foundation. That foundation provides grants to midwives, doulas, and student birth workers. Nadia Gramby is a forty-one-year-old midwife in Alabama. She completed her licensing requirements using a scholarship funded by Ali. A March of Dimes report released this year states that midwives are critical to expanding access to care in under-resourced communities. Some physicians and policymakers remain concerned about the safety of out-of-hospital births during emergencies. Ali gave birth to her second son with her husband, Vaughn Rasberry. The couple used a midwife and had their birth plan acknowledged. As Ali stated, "We deserve to be cared for. We deserve to have choices. We deserve to have control over our own bodies."

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

