═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Covenant announced Anthem, a heavy-payload strike missile designed for mass production across three countries.
2. In less than two years since its founding, Covenant has successfully raised $250 million in funding.
3. Since its maiden flight in August 2025, Anthem has undergone over 200 flight tests with the military.
4. Covenant opened a 105,000 square foot production facility in Dallas, Texas, for the American supply chain.
5. Covenant will unveil additional production facilities of 110,000 square feet in Germany and 30,000 square feet in Israel.
6. Beginning in 2027, the company plans to deliver thousands of Anthem missiles per year to its customers.
7. This new heavy-payload weapon system is necessary because the West urgently needs long-range strike capabilities at scale.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Defense startup Covenant announced the launch of Anthem, a heavy-payload, deep precision strike missile system designed to be produced at scale. Founded less than two years ago, the company has raised $250 million and opened factories in three countries to produce the weapon locally for its customers. Covenant opened a 105,000-square-foot production facility in Dallas, Texas, and will unveil a 110,000-square-foot facility in Germany and a 30,000-square-foot facility in Israel later this year. The company plans to begin delivering thousands of Anthems per year starting in 2027. Following its maiden flight in August 2025, Anthem has completed over 200 tests, including multiple flight tests with the U.S. military on U.S. soil and abroad. The system uses mostly commercial off-the-shelf parts and includes mission-planning and command-and-control software alongside the hardware.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Defense startup Covenant announced the launch of Anthem, a heavy-payload, deep precision strike missile system designed to be produced at scale. In just under two years since its founding, the company has raised $250 million and opened factories in three countries to produce the weapon locally for its customers. Covenant opened a 105,000-square-foot production facility in Dallas, Texas, and will unveil a 110,000-square-foot facility in Germany and a 30,000-square-foot facility in Israel later this year. The company plans to begin delivering thousands of Anthems per year starting in 2027. Following its maiden flight in August 2025, Covenant has flown Anthem in over 200 tests, including multiple flight tests with the U.S. military both on U.S. soil and abroad. The system uses mostly commercial off-the-shelf parts and includes mission-planning and command-and-control software alongside the hardware.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

Defense startup Covenant announced the launch of Anthem, a heavy-payload, deep precision strike missile system designed to be produced at scale. In just under two years since its founding, the company has raised $250 million and opened factories in three countries to produce the weapon locally for its customers. Covenant opened a 105,000-square-foot production facility in Dallas, Texas, and will unveil a 110,000-square-foot facility in Germany and a 30,000-square-foot facility in Israel later this year. The company plans to begin delivering thousands of Anthems per year starting in 2027. military both on U.S. soil and abroad. The system uses mostly commercial off-the-shelf parts and includes mission-planning and command-and-control software alongside the hardware.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

71% covered (5/7). Missing: Since its maiden flight in August 2025, Anthem has undergone over 200 flight tests with the military.; This new heavy-payload weapon system is necessary because the West urgently needs long-range strike capabilities at scale.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

Defense startup Covenant announced the launch of Anthem, a heavy-payload, deep precision strike missile system designed to be produced at scale. This new heavy-payload weapon system is necessary because the West urgently needs long-range strike capabilities at scale. In just under two years since its founding, the company has raised $250 million and opened factories in three countries to produce the weapon locally for its customers. Covenant opened a 105,000-square-foot production facility in Dallas, Texas, and will unveil a 110,000-square-foot facility in Germany and a 30,000-square-foot facility in Israel later this year. The company plans to begin delivering thousands of Anthems per year starting in 2027. Since its maiden flight in August 2025, Anthem has undergone over 200 flight tests with the military, including multiple flight tests with the U.S. military both on U.S. soil and abroad. The system uses mostly commercial off-the-shelf parts and includes mission-planning and command-and-control software alongside the hardware.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Defense startup Covenant announced the launch of Anthem. That is a heavy-payload and deep precision strike missile system designed to be produced at scale. This new heavy-payload weapon system is necessary because the West urgently needs long-range strike capabilities at scale. In just under two years since its founding, the company has raised two hundred fifty million dollars. It also opened factories in three countries to produce the weapon locally for its customers. Covenant opened a one hundred five thousand square foot production facility in Dallas, Texas. It will unveil a one hundred ten thousand square foot facility in Germany and a thirty thousand square foot facility in Israel later this year. The company plans to begin delivering thousands of Anthems per year starting in twenty twenty-seven. Since its maiden flight in August twenty twenty-five, Anthem has undergone over two hundred flight tests with the military. This includes multiple flight tests with the U.S. military both on U.S. soil and abroad. The system uses mostly commercial off-the-shelf parts and includes mission-planning and command-and-control software alongside the hardware.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Defense startup Covenant announced the launch of Anthem. That is a heavy-payload and deep precision strike missile system designed to be produced at scale. This new heavy-payload weapon system is necessary because the West urgently needs long-range strike capabilities at scale. In just under two years since its founding, the company has raised two hundred fifty million dollars. It also opened factories in three countries to produce the weapon locally for its customers. Covenant opened a one hundred five thousand square foot production facility in Dallas, Texas. It will unveil a one hundred ten thousand square foot facility in Germany and a thirty thousand square foot facility in Israel later this year. The company plans to begin delivering thousands of Anthems per year starting in twenty twenty-seven. Since its maiden flight in August twenty twenty-five, Anthem has undergone over two hundred flight tests with the military. This includes multiple flight tests with the US military both on US soil and abroad. The system uses mostly commercial off-the-shelf parts and includes mission-planning and command-and-control software alongside the hardware.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

