═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. The John F Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts is facing imminent bankruptcy and possible closure.
2. The institution's board of trustees is chaired by United States President Donald Trump.
3. Trustees argued that adding Trump's name to the facade could avoid certain fiscal collapse.
4. The center expects to collect about $124m of projected $220m revenue this past fiscal year.
5. Board members are recommending that the main building be closed immediately due to high costs.
6. A special meeting on Tuesday will address the financial crisis and the building's need for renovation.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

The John F Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington, DC, faces imminent bankruptcy and could close as soon as Tuesday, according to a report published by The Washington Post on Sunday. The institution's board of trustees, chaired by President Donald Trump, set out the assessment in a 57-page report ahead of a special meeting on Tuesday. The trustees argued that putting the president's name on the building's facade could be the only way to avoid certain fiscal collapse, stating that the center will not be able to pay employees or meet maintenance costs within a few weeks, and board members are recommending the main building be closed immediately due to costs. The 57-page report outlines that the center collected about $124m of the projected $220m in budgeted revenue, leaving a roughly $23 million deficit despite substantial spending cuts this past fiscal year. A spokesperson for the center blamed the financial problems on financial mismanagement by previous leadership and said Trump's name had attracted new donors, while The Washington Post reported that Trump would help the institution if his involvement is acknowledged. Trump installed himself as chairman shortly after beginning his second term last year, and in December his hand-picked board voted to rename the venue the Trump-Kennedy Centre, though the move was later blocked in court. The takeover has triggered artist cancellations and driven ticket sales to their lowest levels since the COVID-19 pandemic.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

The John F Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington faces imminent bankruptcy. It could close as soon as Tuesday according to a report published by The Washington Post on Sunday. The institution board of trustees is chaired by President Donald Trump. The trustees set out the assessment in a fifty-seven-page report ahead of a special meeting on Tuesday. 

The trustees argued that putting the president name on the building facade could be the only way to avoid certain fiscal collapse. They stated that the center will not be able to pay employees or meet maintenance costs within a few weeks. Board members are recommending the main building be closed immediately due to costs. 

The fifty-seven-page report outlines that the center collected about one hundred twenty-four million dollars of the projected two hundred twenty million dollars in budgeted revenue. This left a roughly twenty-three million dollar deficit despite substantial spending cuts this past fiscal year. A spokesperson for the center blamed the financial problems on financial mismanagement by previous leadership. The spokesperson said Trump name had attracted new donors. The Washington Post reported that Trump would help the institution if his involvement is acknowledged. 

Trump installed himself as chairman shortly after beginning his second term last year. In December his hand-picked board voted to rename the venue the Trump-Kennedy Centre. A court later blocked the move. The takeover has triggered artist cancellations. It has also driven ticket sales to their lowest levels since the C. O. V. I. D. pandemic.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

The John F Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington faces imminent bankruptcy. It could close as soon as Tuesday according to a report published by The Washington Post on Sunday. The institution board of trustees is chaired by President Donald Trump. The trustees set out the assessment in a fifty-seven-page report ahead of a special meeting on Tuesday.

The trustees argued that putting the president name on the building facade could be the only way to avoid certain fiscal collapse. They stated that the center will not be able to pay employees or meet maintenance costs within a few weeks. Board members are recommending the main building be closed immediately due to costs.

The fifty-seven-page report outlines that the center collected about one hundred twenty-four million dollars of the projected two hundred twenty million dollars in budgeted revenue. This left a roughly twenty-three million dollar deficit despite substantial spending cuts this past fiscal year. A spokesperson for the center blamed the financial problems on financial mismanagement by previous leadership. The spokesperson said Trump name had attracted new donors. The Washington Post reported that Trump would help the institution if his involvement is acknowledged.

Trump installed himself as chairman shortly after beginning his second term last year. In December his hand-picked board voted to rename the venue the Trump-Kennedy Centre. A court later blocked the move. The takeover has triggered artist cancellations. It has also driven ticket sales to their lowest levels since the C. O. V. I. D. pandemic.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: missing apostrophe in president name, missing apostrophe in Trump name

