═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Nintendo is releasing a 40th anniversary Legend of Zelda Switch 2 console on October 29.
2. The new console features a gold and metallic green colorway with Joy-Con 2 classic sprites.
3. The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time remake will be released separately on November 5.
4. The console does not come with a copy of the Ocarina of Time remake included.
5. Nintendo will also sell matching accessories including a carrying case and Pro controller on October 29.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Nintendo is releasing a 40th anniversary Legend of Zelda Switch 2 console on October 29, arriving one week before the November 5 release of the upcoming The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time remake. The console features a gold and metallic green colorway. The left Joy-Con features a sprite of Link from the original 1986 game holding the Triforce, while the right Joy-Con features a sprite of Zelda on the back. The dock is black and gold with a large Triforce motif. The console does not come with a copy of the Ocarina of Time remake, which requires a separate purchase. Alongside the console, Nintendo will sell a matching carrying case with a screen protector, a Switch 2 Pro controller, and a gamepad stand. All of these accessories release on October 29 and will be available while supplies last.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

80% covered (4/5). Missing: The new console features a gold and metallic green colorway with Joy-Con 2 classic sprites.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

Nintendo is releasing a 40th anniversary Legend of Zelda Switch 2 console on October 29, arriving one week before the November 5 release of the upcoming The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time remake. The new console features a gold and metallic green colorway with Joy-Con 2 classic sprites. The left Joy-Con features a sprite of Link from the original 1986 game holding the Triforce, while the right Joy-Con features a sprite of Zelda on the back. The dock is black and gold with a large Triforce motif. The console does not come with a copy of the Ocarina of Time remake, which requires a separate purchase. Alongside the console, Nintendo will sell a matching carrying case with a screen protector, a Switch 2 Pro controller, and a gamepad stand. All of these accessories release on October 29 and will be available while supplies last.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Nintendo is releasing a fortieth anniversary Legend of Zelda Switch two console on October twenty-ninth. It arrives one week before the November fifth release of the upcoming The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time remake. The new console features a gold and metallic green colorway with Joy-Con two classic sprites. The left Joy-Con features a sprite of Link from the original nineteen eighty-six game holding the Triforce. The right Joy-Con features a sprite of Zelda on the back. The dock is black and gold with a large Triforce motif. The console does not come with a copy of the Ocarina of Time remake. That game requires a separate purchase. Alongside the console Nintendo will sell a matching carrying case with a screen protector. They will also sell a Switch two Pro controller and a gamepad stand. All of these accessories release on October twenty-ninth and will be available while supplies last.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Nintendo is releasing a fortieth anniversary Legend of Zelda Switch two console on October twenty-ninth. It arrives one week before the November fifth release of the upcoming The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time remake. The new console features a gold and metallic green colorway with Joy-Con two classic sprites. The left Joy-Con features a sprite of Link from the original nineteen eighty-six game holding the Triforce. The right Joy-Con features a sprite of Zelda on the back. The dock is black and gold with a large Triforce motif. The console does not come with a copy of the Ocarina of Time remake. That game requires a separate purchase. Alongside the console Nintendo will sell a matching carrying case with a screen protector. They will also sell a Switch two Pro controller and a gamepad stand. All of these accessories release on October twenty-ninth and will be available while supplies last.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: Switch two, Joy-Con two, Switch two Pro

