═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. NextEra Energy received a $1.9 billion federal loan to refurbish an Iowa nuclear plant.
2. The Duane Arnold Energy Center is scheduled to restart operations in 2029.
3. Deputy Secretary of Energy James Danly stated the restart will drive down electricity costs.
4. NextEra CEO John Ketchum confirmed fifty megawatts will serve the local power cooperative.
5. The Duane Arnold facility was mothballed in 2020 after an intense rainstorm caused damage.
6. Refurbishment efforts will increase the power plant's total capacity to 615 megawatts.
7. Revived nuclear plants provide clean electricity needed for rapidly expanding AI data centers.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

NextEra Energy has received a $1.9 billion loan from the U.S. Department of Energy to finance the refurbishment and restart of the Duane Arnold Energy Center in Iowa, following an announcement by Google last October to bring the mothballed nuclear plant back online. The facility, which has not operated since a 2020 rainstorm damaged it, is scheduled to restart in 2029 and will provide 615 megawatts of electricity after NextEra squeezes an additional 14 megawatts from the plant during refurbishment. Google is reportedly looking to build up to six data centers near the site. Deputy Secretary of Energy James Danly said the restart will drive down electricity costs, while NextEra CEO John Ketchum stated that 50 megawatts will be set aside for the local power cooperative, covering 18 percent of Iowa's demand growth since 2021. The loan marks the second of its kind by the Department of Energy, following a $1 billion loan extended last year to Constellation Energy to restart a reactor at Three Mile Island. Shuttered nuclear plants are increasingly targeted by tech companies to power growing AI data centers, as new facilities are expected to nearly triple the sector's electricity demand by 2035.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

NextEra Energy has received a $1.9 billion loan from the U.S. Department of Energy to finance the refurbishment and restart of the Duane Arnold Energy Center in Iowa, following an announcement by Google last October to bring the mothballed nuclear plant back online. The facility, which has not operated since a 2020 rainstorm damaged it, is scheduled to restart in 2029 and will provide 615 megawatts of electricity after NextEra squeezes an additional 14 megawatts from the plant during refurbishment. Google is reportedly looking to build up to six data centers near the site. Deputy Secretary of Energy James Danly said that the restart will “drive down electricity costs,” while NextEra CEO John Ketchum stated that 50 megawatts will be set aside for the local power cooperative, which covers 18% of Iowa's demand growth since the year before ChatGPT was released. The loan marks the second of its kind by the Department of Energy, following a $1 billion loan extended last year to Constellation Energy to restart a reactor at Three Mile Island. Shuttered nuclear plants are increasingly targeted by tech companies to power growing AI data centers, as new facilities are expected to nearly triple the sector's electricity demand by 2035.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

NextEra Energy has received a $1.9 billion loan from the U.S. Department of Energy to finance the refurbishment and restart of the Duane Arnold Energy Center in Iowa, following an announcement by Google last October to bring the mothballed nuclear plant back online. The facility, which has not operated since a 2020 rainstorm damaged it, is scheduled to restart in 2029 and will provide 615 megawatts of electricity after NextEra squeezes an additional 14 megawatts from the plant during refurbishment. Google is reportedly looking to build up to six data centers near the site. The loan marks the second of its kind by the Department of Energy, following a $1 billion loan extended last year to Constellation Energy to restart a reactor at Three Mile Island. Shuttered nuclear plants are increasingly targeted by tech companies to power growing AI data centers, as new facilities are expected to nearly triple the sector's electricity demand by 2035.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

71% covered (5/7). Missing: Deputy Secretary of Energy James Danly stated the restart will drive down electricity costs.; NextEra CEO John Ketchum confirmed fifty megawatts will serve the local power cooperative.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

NextEra Energy has received a $1.9 billion loan from the U.S. Department of Energy to finance the refurbishment and restart of the Duane Arnold Energy Center in Iowa, following an announcement by Google last October to bring the mothballed nuclear plant back online. The facility, which has not operated since a 2020 rainstorm damaged it, is scheduled to restart in 2029 and will provide 615 megawatts of electricity after NextEra squeezes an additional 14 megawatts from the plant during refurbishment. Deputy Secretary of Energy James Danly stated the restart will drive down electricity costs. NextEra CEO John Ketchum confirmed fifty megawatts will serve the local power cooperative. Google is reportedly looking to build up to six data centers near the site. The loan marks the second of its kind by the Department of Energy, following a $1 billion loan extended last year to Constellation Energy to restart a reactor at Three Mile Island. Shuttered nuclear plants are increasingly targeted by tech companies to power growing AI data centers, as new facilities are expected to nearly triple the sector's electricity demand by 2035.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

NextEra Energy has secured a one point nine billion dollar loan from the United States Department of Energy. The money will finance the refurbishment and restart of the Duane Arnold Energy Center in Iowa. Google announced last October that it wanted to bring the mothballed nuclear plant back online. The facility has not operated since a twenty twenty rainstorm damaged it. It is scheduled to restart in twenty twenty-nine. The plant will provide six hundred fifteen megawatts of electricity after upgrades. NextEra will squeeze an additional fourteen megawatts from the plant during refurbishment. Deputy Secretary of Energy James Danly stated the restart will drive down electricity costs. NextEra Chief Executive Officer John Ketchum confirmed fifty megawatts will serve the local power cooperative. Google is reportedly looking to build up to six data centers near the site. The loan marks the second of its kind by the Department of Energy. Last year they extended a one billion dollar loan to Constellation Energy to restart a reactor at Three Mile Island. Shuttered nuclear plants are increasingly targeted by tech companies to power growing A. I. data centers. New facilities are expected to nearly triple the sector electricity demand by twenty thirty-five.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

NextEra Energy has secured a one point nine billion dollar loan from the United States Department of Energy. The money will finance the refurbishment and restart of the Duane Arnold Energy Center in Iowa. Google announced last October that it wanted to bring the mothballed nuclear plant back online. The facility has not operated since a twenty twenty rainstorm damaged it. It is scheduled to restart in twenty twenty-nine. The plant will provide six hundred fifteen megawatts of electricity after upgrades. NextEra will squeeze an additional fourteen megawatts from the plant during refurbishment. Deputy Secretary of Energy James Danly stated the restart will drive down electricity costs. NextEra Chief Executive Officer John Ketchum confirmed fifty megawatts will serve the local power cooperative. Google is reportedly looking to build up to six data centers near the site. The loan marks the second of its kind by the Department of Energy. Last year they extended a one billion dollar loan to Constellation Energy to restart a reactor at Three Mile Island. Shuttered nuclear plants are increasingly targeted by tech companies to power growing A. I. data centers. New facilities are expected to nearly triple the sector electricity demand by twenty thirty-five.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: unspaced acronyms

