═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Chinese automaker XPeng activated the world's first automated production line for advanced humanoid robots.
2. XPeng's humanoid robot named IRON walked off the new production line under its own power.
3. XPeng CEO He Xiaopeng stated that the production lines were created from scratch with no precedent.
4. XPeng aims to achieve mass production of the IRON humanoid robot by the end of 2026.
5. The robotics arm of XPeng raised over $900 million at a $6.3 billion valuation last month.
6. XPeng wants to build more than 1,000 robots a month on the way to a million a year by 2030.
7. The news matters because XPeng is attempting to solve the difficult challenge of consistently manufacturing generalized humanoid robots at scale.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Chinese automaker XPeng has activated what it reports is the world’s first automated production line for advanced humanoid robots at a facility in Guangzhou, with the first IRON robot walking off the line under its own power. The production setup features more than 80% core process automation and borrows quality systems used for electric cars. XPeng chairman and CEO He Xiaopeng stated that the production lines were created from scratch with no precedent to follow. The company’s robotics arm recently raised over $900 million at a $6.3 billion valuation in a funding round led by IDG Capital, with participation from Tencent and Alibaba. The IRON robot features 76 degrees of freedom across its body and 21 in each hand, powered by three in-house Turing AI chips delivering up to 2,250 TOPS to run its Physical AI foundation model without remote teleoperation. XPeng is targeting mass production by the end of 2026, with initial deployments planned for its own stores and campuses before commercial sales and deliveries begin in China and abroad in 2027. The company aims to build over 1,000 robots a month on the way to a million a year by 2030.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Chinese automaker XPeng has activated what it reports is the world’s first automated production line for advanced humanoid robots at a facility in Guangzhou, with the first IRON robot walking off the line under its own power. The production setup features more than 80% core process automation and borrows quality systems used for electric cars. XPeng chairman and CEO He Xiaopeng noted that today's step is small, but the company is building the production lines for an entirely new product category. The company’s robotics arm recently raised over $900 million at a $6.3 billion valuation in a funding round led by IDG Capital, with participation from Tencent and Alibaba. The IRON robot features 76 degrees of freedom across its body and 21 in each hand, powered by three in-house Turing AI chips delivering up to 2,250 TOPS to run its Physical AI foundation model without remote teleoperation. XPeng is targeting mass production by the end of 2026, with initial deployments planned for its own stores and campuses before commercial sales and deliveries begin in China and abroad in 2027. The company aims to build over 1,000 robots a month on the way to a million a year by 2030.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

Chinese automaker XPeng has activated what it reports is the world’s first automated production line for advanced humanoid robots at a facility in Guangzhou, with the first IRON robot walking off the line under its own power. The production setup features more than 80% core process automation and borrows quality systems used for electric cars. The company’s robotics arm recently raised over $900 million at a $6.3 billion valuation in a funding round led by IDG Capital, with participation from Tencent and Alibaba. The IRON robot features 76 degrees of freedom across its body and 21 in each hand, powered by three in-house Turing AI chips delivering up to 2,250 TOPS to run its Physical AI foundation model without remote teleoperation. XPeng is targeting mass production by the end of 2026, with initial deployments planned for its own stores and campuses before commercial sales and deliveries begin in China and abroad in 2027. The company aims to build over 1,000 robots a month on the way to a million a year by 2030.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

71% covered (5/7). Missing: XPeng CEO He Xiaopeng stated that the production lines were created from scratch with no precedent.; The news matters because XPeng is attempting to solve the difficult challenge of consistently manufacturing generalized humanoid robots at scale.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

Chinese automaker XPeng has activated what it reports is the world’s first automated production line for advanced humanoid robots at a facility in Guangzhou, with the first IRON robot walking off the line under its own power. XPeng CEO He Xiaopeng stated that the production lines were created from scratch with no precedent. The production setup features more than 80% core process automation and borrows quality systems used for electric cars. The company’s robotics arm recently raised over $900 million at a $6.3 billion valuation in a funding round led by IDG Capital, with participation from Tencent and Alibaba. The IRON robot features 76 degrees of freedom across its body and 21 in each hand, powered by three in-house Turing AI chips delivering up to 2,250 TOPS to run its Physical AI foundation model without remote teleoperation. The news matters because XPeng is attempting to solve the difficult challenge of consistently manufacturing generalized humanoid robots at scale. XPeng is targeting mass production by the end of 2026, with initial deployments planned for its own stores and campuses before commercial sales and deliveries begin in China and abroad in 2027. The company aims to build over 1,000 robots a month on the way to a million a year by 2030.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Chinese automaker XPeng has activated the world first automated production line for advanced humanoid robots. The facility is located in Guangzhou. The first IRON robot walked off the line under its own power. Chief Executive Officer, He Xiaopeng stated that the production lines were created from scratch with no precedent. The production setup features more than eighty percent core process automation. It borrows quality systems used for electric cars. The company robotics arm recently raised over nine hundred million dollars. That was at a six point three billion dollar valuation. The funding round was led by, I. D. G. Capital. Tencent and Alibaba also participated. The IRON robot features seventy-six degrees of freedom across its body. It has twenty-one degrees of freedom in each hand. Three in-house Turing A. I. chips power the machine. They deliver up to two thousand two hundred fifty T. O. P. S. These chips run its Physical A. I. foundation model without remote teleoperation. This news matters because XPeng is attempting to solve a difficult challenge. That challenge is consistently manufacturing generalized humanoid robots at scale. XPeng is targeting mass production by the end of twenty twenty-six. Initial deployments are planned for its own stores and campuses. Commercial sales and deliveries will begin in China and abroad in twenty twenty-seven. The company aims to build over one thousand robots a month. This is on the way to one million robots a year by twenty thirty.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Chinese automaker XPeng has activated the world first automated production line for advanced humanoid robots. The facility is located in Guangzhou. The first IRON robot walked off the line under its own power. Chief Executive Officer, He Xiaopeng stated that the production lines were created from scratch with no precedent. The production setup features more than eighty percent core process automation. It borrows quality systems used for electric cars. The company robotics arm recently raised over nine hundred million dollars. That was at a six point three billion dollar valuation. The funding round was led by, I. D. G. Capital. Tencent and Alibaba also participated. The IRON robot features seventy-six degrees of freedom across its body. It has twenty-one degrees of freedom in each hand. Three in-house Turing A. I. chips power the machine. They deliver up to two thousand two hundred fifty T. O. P. S. These chips run its Physical A. I. foundation model without remote teleoperation. This news matters because XPeng is attempting to solve a difficult challenge. That challenge is consistently manufacturing generalized humanoid robots at scale. XPeng is targeting mass production by the end of twenty twenty-six. Initial deployments are planned for its own stores and campuses. Commercial sales and deliveries will begin in China and abroad in twenty twenty-seven. The company aims to build over one thousand robots a month. This is on the way to one million robots a year by twenty thirty.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

SKIPPED: 429 RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED. {'error': {'code': 429, 'message': 'You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, head to: https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/rate-limits. To monitor your current usage, head to: https://ai.dev/rate-limit. \n* Quota exceeded for metric: generativelanguage.googleapis.com/generate_content_free_tier_requests, limit: 500, model: gemini-3.5-flash-lite\nPlease retry in 8.596482371s.', 'status': 'RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED', 'details': [{'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.Help', 'links': [{'description': 'Learn more about Gemini API quotas', 'url': 'https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/rate-limits'}]}, {'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.QuotaFailure', 'violations': [{'quotaMetric': 'generativelanguage.googleapis.com/generate_content_free_tier_requests', 'quotaId': 'GenerateRequestsPerDayPerProjectPerModel-FreeTier', 'quotaDimensions': {'location': 'global', 'model': 'gemini-3.5-flash-lite'}, 'quotaValue': '500'}]}, {'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.RetryInfo', 'retryDelay': '8s'}]}}

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: world first, I. D. G. Capital, T. O. P. S

