═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. The Champions League final will take place in Madrid on 5 June next year.
2. Paris St-Germain are aiming to win the title for the third consecutive year.
3. Arsenal are the bookmakers' favourites to win the tournament ahead of Bayern Munich.
4. Opta data gives Arsenal a 20.4% probability of winning the Champions League title this season.
5. Bayern Munich are marginally behind Arsenal with a 20% chance of winning the tournament.
6. The BBC will broadcast match highlights of every Champions League game starting at 22:00 BST on Wednesdays.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

The Champions League returns as the league phase begins on Tuesday, with the final scheduled for 5 June next year in Madrid. Defending champions Paris St-Germain aim for a third consecutive title, though Opta data makes last year's runners-up Arsenal the overall favourites at 20.4 per cent win probability. Bayern Munich sit marginally behind at 20 per cent, Manchester City are third at 12.7 per cent, and PSG are fourth at 7.3 per cent. All five English clubs rank inside the top 10 for overall win probability and hold over a 50 per cent chance of reaching the last 16. In the league phase draws, Liverpool face the easiest run among English teams, while Manchester City face the toughest fixtures of the Premier League sides, including matches against Barcelona and PSG. Expert analysts Julien Laurens and Guillem Balague tip Arsenal to win the tournament, with Laurens stating, They have the best defence in Europe by far and that's what wins you titles. Players highlighted to watch include Jude Bellingham, Khvicha Kvaratskhelia, Harry Kane, Lamine Yamal, and Martin Odegaard. BBC coverage includes match highlights on iPlayer, the BBC Sport website and app from 22:00 BST on Wednesdays, and a Champions League Match of the Day on BBC One at 22:40.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

The Champions League returns as the league phase begins on Tuesday, with the final scheduled for 5 June next year in Madrid. Paris St-Germain aim to win the title for the third year running, while Opta data makes last year's runners-up Arsenal the overall favourites at 20.4 per cent win probability. Bayern Munich sit marginally behind at 20 per cent, Manchester City are third at 12.7 per cent, and PSG are fourth at 7.3 per cent. All five English clubs rank inside the top 10 for overall win probability and hold over a 50 per cent chance of reaching the last 16. In the league phase draws, Liverpool face the easiest run among English teams, while Manchester City face the toughest fixtures of the Premier League sides, including matches against Barcelona and PSG. Expert analysts Julien Laurens and Guillem Balague tip Arsenal to win the tournament, with Laurens stating, "They have the best defence in Europe by far and that's what wins you titles." Players highlighted to watch include Jude Bellingham, Khvicha Kvaratskhelia, Harry Kane, Lamine Yamal, and Martin Odegaard. BBC coverage includes match highlights of every game available on BBC iPlayer and the BBC Sport website and app from 22:00 on Wednesdays, plus a special Champions League Match of the Day on BBC One at 22:40.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

The Champions League returns as the league phase begins on Tuesday, with the final scheduled for 5 June next year in Madrid. Paris St-Germain aim to win the title for the third year running, while Opta data makes last year's runners-up Arsenal the overall favourites at 20.4 per cent win probability. Bayern Munich sit marginally behind at 20 per cent, Manchester City are third at 12.7 per cent, and PSG are fourth at 7.3 per cent. All five English clubs rank inside the top 10 for overall win probability and hold over a 50 per cent chance of reaching the last 16. In the league phase draws, Liverpool face the easiest run among English teams, while Manchester City face the toughest fixtures of the Premier League sides, including matches against Barcelona and PSG. Expert analysts Julien Laurens and Guillem Balague tip Arsenal to win the tournament, with Laurens stating, "They have the best defence in Europe by far and that's what wins you titles." Players highlighted to watch include Jude Bellingham, Khvicha Kvaratskhelia, Harry Kane, Lamine Yamal, and Martin Odegaard.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

83% covered (5/6). Missing: The BBC will broadcast match highlights of every Champions League game starting at 22:00 BST on Wednesdays.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

The Champions League returns as the league phase begins on Tuesday, with the final scheduled for 5 June next year in Madrid. Paris St-Germain aim to win the title for the third year running, while Opta data makes last year's runners-up Arsenal the overall favourites at 20.4 per cent win probability. Bayern Munich sit marginally behind at 20 per cent, Manchester City are third at 12.7 per cent, and PSG are fourth at 7.3 per cent. All five English clubs rank inside the top 10 for overall win probability and hold over a 50 per cent chance of reaching the last 16. In the league phase draws, Liverpool face the easiest run among English teams, while Manchester City face the toughest fixtures of the Premier League sides, including matches against Barcelona and PSG. Expert analysts Julien Laurens and Guillem Balague tip Arsenal to win the tournament, with Laurens stating, "They have the best defence in Europe by far and that's what wins you titles." Players highlighted to watch include Jude Bellingham, Khvicha Kvaratskhelia, Harry Kane, Lamine Yamal, and Martin Odegaard. The BBC will broadcast match highlights of every Champions League game starting at 22:00 BST on Wednesdays.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

The Champions League returns as the league phase begins on Tuesday. The final is scheduled for June fifth of next year in Madrid. Paris Saint-Germain aim to win the title for the third year running. Opta data makes last year's runners-up Arsenal the overall favourites at twenty point four per cent win probability. Bayern Munich sit marginally behind at twenty per cent. Manchester City are third at twelve point seven per cent. Paris Saint-Germain are fourth at seven point three per cent. All five English clubs rank inside the top ten for overall win probability. They also hold over a fifty per cent chance of reaching the last sixteen. In the league phase draws, Liverpool face the easiest run among English teams. Manchester City face the toughest fixtures of the Premier League sides. Those fixtures include matches against Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain. Expert analysts, Julien Laurens and Guillem Balague, tip Arsenal to win the tournament. Julien Laurens states that they have the best defence in Europe by far and that is what wins you titles. Players highlighted to watch include Jude Bellingham, Khvicha Kvaratskhelia, Harry Kane, Lamine Yamal, and Martin Odegaard. The B. B. C. will broadcast match highlights of every Champions League game. Those broadcasts start at ten p. m. B. S. T. on Wednesdays.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

The Champions League returns as the league phase begins on Tuesday. The final is scheduled for June fifth of next year in Madrid. Paris Saint-Germain aim to win the title for the third year running. Opta data makes last year's runners-up Arsenal the overall favourites at twenty point four per cent win probability. Bayern Munich sit marginally behind at twenty per cent. Manchester City are third at twelve point seven per cent. Paris Saint-Germain are fourth at seven point three per cent. All five English clubs rank inside the top ten for overall win probability. They also hold over a fifty per cent chance of reaching the last sixteen. In the league phase draws, Liverpool face the easiest run among English teams. Manchester City face the toughest fixtures of the Premier League sides. Those fixtures include matches against Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain. Expert analysts, Julien Laurens and Guillem Balague, tip Arsenal to win the tournament. Julien Laurens states that they have the best defence in Europe by far and that is what wins you titles. Players highlighted to watch include Jude Bellingham, Khvicha Kvaratskhelia, Harry Kane, Lamine Yamal, and Martin Odegaard. The B. B. C. will broadcast match highlights of every Champions League game. Those broadcasts start at ten p. m. B. S. T. on Wednesdays.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

