═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Longtime Apple executive Phil Schiller is stepping down from his role as head of the App Store.
2. Schiller will remain involved at the company as an Apple Fellow working on unspecified projects.
3. New CEO John Ternus and services chief Eddy Cue want to improve App Store margins and revenue.
4. Schiller believed that trying to squeeze more profits would increase conflict with governments and developers.
5. Apple management and its share of payments have been a source of developer criticism and lawsuits.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Longtime Apple executive Phil Schiller is stepping down from his role as the head of the App Store, according to a report by Bloomberg's Mark Gurman. Schiller will remain at the company as an Apple Fellow working on unspecified projects. While the decision was driven in part by a desire to spend more time with his family and on philanthropy, another factor influenced his thinking. New CEO John Ternus and services chief Eddy Cue seek to improve App Store margins and bring in more recurring revenue. Apple's management and share of App Store payments have already been a frequent source of developer criticism and major lawsuits. In Gurman's telling, there was no major fight over the strategy, but Schiller believed that trying to squeeze more profits from the business would only increase conflict with governments and developers, prompting him to step down and avoid involvement.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Phil Schiller is stepping down from his role as the head of the App Store. Mark Gurman from Bloomberg reported this news. Schiller will remain at the company as an Apple Fellow. He will work on unspecified projects. He wants to spend more time with his family and on philanthropy. Another factor influenced his thinking too. New Chief Executive Officer John Ternus and services chief Eddy Cue seek to improve App Store margins. They want to bring in more recurring revenue. Apple management and their share of App Store payments have been a frequent source of criticism. Developers have launched major lawsuits over this issue. Gurman states there was no major fight over the strategy. Schiller believed that trying to squeeze more profits from the business would increase conflict. This would cause more trouble with governments and developers. He decided to step down and avoid involvement.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Phil Schiller is stepping down from his role as the head of the App Store. Mark Gurman from Bloomberg reported this news. Schiller will remain at the company as an Apple Fellow. He will work on unspecified projects. He wants to spend more time with his family and on philanthropy. Another factor influenced his thinking too. New Chief Executive Officer John Ternus and services chief Eddy Cue seek to improve App Store margins. They want to bring in more recurring revenue. Apple management and their share of App Store payments have been a frequent source of criticism. Developers have launched major lawsuits over this issue. Gurman states there was no major fight over the strategy. Schiller believed that trying to squeeze more profits from the business would increase conflict. This would cause more trouble with governments and developers. He decided to step down and avoid involvement.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

