═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. EcoFlow announced its new fourth-generation River series of miniature power stations.
2. The River 260 Gen4 features a 256Wh capacity battery and four USB ports.
3. The River 500 Gen4 packs in a larger 512Wh battery capacity.
4. The River 260 Gen4 delivers a maximum continuous output of 300W from an AC jack.
5. Both new power station models use longer-lasting and far less volatile LFP battery chemistry.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

EcoFlow has announced its fourth-generation River series of miniature power stations, featuring the River 260 Gen4 and the 520 Gen4. The River 260 Gen4 includes a 256Wh capacity battery, which stores about 2.5 times the energy of the largest airline-approved power banks. It features four USB ports and provides 300W of maximum continuous output through a single AC jack. The larger 520 Gen4 packs a 512Wh capacity, storing about five times the energy of the largest airline-approved power banks, and offers the same USB port selection along with a pair of AC jacks. Both models are built using longer-lasting and less volatile LFP battery chemistry.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

EcoFlow has announced its fourth-generation River series of miniature power stations, featuring the River 260 Gen4 and the 520 Gen4. The River 260 Gen4 includes a 256Wh capacity battery, which stores about 2.5 times the energy of the largest airline-approved power banks. It features four USB ports and provides 300W of maximum continuous output through a single AC jack. The larger 520 Gen4 packs a 512Wh capacity, storing about five times the energy of the largest airline-approved power banks, and offers the same USB port selection along with a pair of AC jacks. Both models utilize longer-lasting LFP chemistry that is far less volatile.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

EcoFlow has announced its fourth-generation River series of miniature power stations, featuring the River 260 Gen4 and the 520 Gen4. The River 260 Gen4 includes a 256Wh capacity battery, which stores about 2.5 times the energy of the largest airline-approved power banks. It features four USB ports and provides 300W of maximum continuous output through a single AC jack. The larger 520 Gen4 packs a 512Wh capacity, storing about five times the energy of the largest airline-approved power banks, and offers the same USB port selection along with a pair of AC jacks.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

60% covered (3/5). Missing: The River 500 Gen4 packs in a larger 512Wh battery capacity.; Both new power station models use longer-lasting and far less volatile LFP battery chemistry.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

EcoFlow has announced its fourth-generation River series of miniature power stations, featuring the River 260 Gen4 and the 520 Gen4, alongside the River 500 Gen4 which packs in a larger 512Wh battery capacity. Both new power station models use longer-lasting and far less volatile LFP battery chemistry. The River 260 Gen4 includes a 256Wh capacity battery, which stores about 2.5 times the energy of the largest airline-approved power banks. It features four USB ports and provides 300W of maximum continuous output through a single AC jack. The larger 520 Gen4 packs a 512Wh capacity, storing about five times the energy of the largest airline-approved power banks, and offers the same USB port selection along with a pair of AC jacks.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

EcoFlow has announced its fourth-generation River series of miniature power stations. This includes the River two hundred sixty Gen four and the five hundred twenty Gen four. They also announced the River five hundred Gen four which packs in a larger five hundred twelve watt-hour battery capacity. Both new power station models use longer-lasting and far less volatile L. F. P. battery chemistry. The River two hundred sixty Gen four includes a two hundred fifty-six watt-hour capacity battery. It stores about two point five times the energy of the largest airline-approved power banks. It features four U. S. B. ports and provides three hundred watts of maximum continuous output through a single A. C. jack. The larger five hundred twenty Gen four packs a five hundred twelve watt-hour capacity. It stores about five times the energy of the largest airline-approved power banks and offers the same U. S. B. port selection along with a pair of A. C. jacks.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

EcoFlow has announced its fourth-generation River series of miniature power stations. This includes the River two hundred sixty Gen four and the five hundred twenty Gen four. They also announced the River five hundred Gen four which packs in a larger five hundred twelve watt-hour battery capacity. Both new power station models use longer-lasting and far less volatile L. F. P. battery chemistry. The River two hundred sixty Gen four includes a two hundred fifty-six watt-hour capacity battery. It stores about two point five times the energy of the largest airline-approved power banks. It features four U. S. B. ports and provides three hundred watts of maximum continuous output through a single A. C. jack. The larger five hundred twenty Gen four packs a five hundred twelve watt-hour capacity. It stores about five times the energy of the largest airline-approved power banks and offers the same U. S. B. port selection along with a pair of A. C. jacks.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

