═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Adobe named Anil Chakravarthy as its next president and CEO on Thursday.
2. Chakravarthy will officially take the helm as CEO and join Adobe's board on December 1.
3. Shantanu Narayen will step down after serving as the head of Adobe for 18 years.
4. Narayen will transition into the role of executive chair to work closely with Chakravarthy.
5. Adobe appointed a new CEO as its stock slid amid investor concerns that artificial intelligence will disrupt software makers.
6. Top Adobe executive David Wadhwani also announced he will exit the company alongside the leadership news.
7. Anil is an experienced transformational leader who leads with values, integrity and a deep knowledge of our business.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Adobe on Thursday named Anil Chakravarthy as its next president and CEO, succeeding Shantanu Narayen, who announced earlier this year that he would step down. Chakravarthy, who most recently served as president of Adobe's customer experience orchestration and worldwide field operations, will take the helm on December 1 and join Adobe's board. Narayen, who joined the company in 1998 and served as head of Adobe for 18 years, will become executive chair and work closely with Chakravarthy during the transition. Adobe is naming a new CEO as its stock has faced pressure due to investor concerns that artificial intelligence will disrupt software makers, sliding 25% in 2024, 21% in 2025, and 18% in 2026. Following the announcement, Adobe shares fell about 2% in extended trading. Alongside the CEO transition, top executive David Wadhwani announced he will exit the company. Wadhwani has served as president of Adobe's creativity and productivity business for nearly five years and was previously seen as a strong contender for the CEO role. Wadhwani stated on LinkedIn that he plans to explore and pressure-test a few company ideas.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Adobe on Thursday named Anil Chakravarthy as its next president and CEO, succeeding Shantanu Narayen, who announced earlier this year that he would step down. Chakravarthy, who most recently served as president of Adobe's customer experience orchestration and worldwide field operations, will take the helm Dec. 1 and join Adobe's board, the company said. Narayen, who joined the company in 1998 and served as head of Adobe for 18 years, will become executive chair and work closely with Chakravarthy during the transition. Adobe is tapping a new CEO as the company's stock has been pummeled due to investor concerns that artificial intelligence will disrupt software makers, sliding 25% in 2024, 21% in 2025, and 18% so far in 2026. Shares of Adobe fell about 2% in extended trading. Alongside the CEO transition, top executive David Wadhwani announced he will exit the company. Wadhwani has served as president of Adobe's creativity and productivity business for nearly five years and was previously seen as a strong contender for the CEO role. Wadhwani stated on LinkedIn that he plans to explore and pressure-test a few company ideas.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

85% covered (6/7). Missing: Anil is an experienced transformational leader who leads with values, integrity and a deep knowledge of our business.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Adobe named , Anil Chakravarthy as its next president and chief executive officer on Thursday. He succeeds Shantanu Narayen who announced earlier this year that he would step down. Chakravarthy takes the helm on December first and joins the board of directors. Narayen joined the company in nineteen ninety-eight and served as head of Adobe for eighteen years. He will become executive chair and work closely with Chakravarthy during the transition. Adobe is tapping a new leader as the company stock faces major pressure. Investors worry that artificial intelligence will disrupt software makers. The stock slid twenty-five percent in twenty twenty-four. It fell twenty-one percent in twenty twenty-five. It dropped another eighteen percent so far in twenty twenty-six. Shares of Adobe fell about two percent in extended trading. Top executive , David Wadhwani announced he will exit the company alongside this transition. Wadhwani served as president of the creativity and productivity business for nearly five years. He was previously seen as a strong contender for the top job. Wadhwani stated on L. I. N. K. E. D. I. N. that he plans to explore and test a few company ideas.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Adobe named, Anil Chakravarthy as its next president and chief executive officer on Thursday. He succeeds Shantanu Narayen who announced earlier this year that he would step down. Chakravarthy takes the helm on December first and joins the board of directors. Narayen joined the company in nineteen ninety-eight and served as head of Adobe for eighteen years. He will become executive chair and work closely with Chakravarthy during the transition. Adobe is tapping a new leader as the company stock faces major pressure. Investors worry that artificial intelligence will disrupt software makers. The stock slid twenty-five percent in twenty twenty-four. It fell twenty-one percent in twenty twenty-five. It dropped another eighteen percent so far in twenty twenty-six. Shares of Adobe fell about two percent in extended trading. Top executive, David Wadhwani announced he will exit the company alongside this transition. Wadhwani served as president of the creativity and productivity business for nearly five years. He was previously seen as a strong contender for the top job. Wadhwani stated on L. I. N. K. E. D. I. N. that he plans to explore and test a few company ideas.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

85% covered (6/7). Missing: Anil is an experienced transformational leader who leads with values, integrity and a deep knowledge of our business.

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: unnecessary comma after named, unnecessary comma after executive

