═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Florida Department of Transportation Chief Operating Officer Will Watts issued a memorandum banning police license plate readers on state roads.
2. Police must remove all existing license plate readers from Florida state roads within 30 days of August 31.
3. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis stated in August 2026 that the use of license plate reader technology was out of control.
4. The memorandum cites concerning reports of misuse, data privacy concerns, and surveillance schemes that merit immediate action.
5. The ban was enacted to preserve Floridians sovereignty and quality of life against constant surveillance and camera misuse.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Florida's Department of Transportation has banned police from placing automated license plate readers on state roads, ordering existing cameras to be removed within 30 days of August 31. The directive comes via a one-page memorandum from Department of Transportation Chief Operating Officer Will Watts, acting at the behest of Governor Ron DeSantis, who declared in August 2026 that the technology's use was out of control. As noted in the memorandum, the action was taken due to an exponential increase in deployments alongside concerning reports of misuse, data privacy concerns, and surveillance schemes. The department has immediately revoked current permits and will use its discretionary authority to deny all future requests for license plate reader systems within its jurisdictional authority. While the ban applies to state roads, it does not impact the 98 percent of automatic license plate readers installed on local roads and private property. In addition to the Florida restriction, regulatory pushback against provider Flock Safety includes the Los Angeles Police Department suspending its contract in July, two Ohio counties pausing their use in August, and Texas Governor Greg Abbott pausing state agency funding to acquire Flock hardware.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Florida's Department of Transportation has banned police from placing automated license plate readers on state roads, ordering existing cameras to be removed within 30 days of August 31. The directive comes via a one-page memorandum from Department of Transportation Chief Operating Officer Will Watts, following statements from Governor Ron DeSantis in August 2026 that the technology's use was out of control in the state. As noted in the memorandum, the action was taken due to an exponential increase in deployments alongside concerning reports of misuse, data privacy concerns, and surveillance schemes. The department has immediately revoked current permits and will use its discretionary authority to cease the issuance of all future requests for license plate reader systems within its jurisdictional authority. While the ban applies to state roads, it does not impact the 98 percent of automatic license plate readers installed on local roads and private property. In addition to the Florida restriction, regulatory pushback includes the Los Angeles Police Department suspending its contract with Flock Safety in July, two Ohio counties pausing their use of the cameras in August, and Texas Governor Greg Abbott pausing state agency funding to acquire Flock hardware.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

Florida's Department of Transportation has banned police from placing automated license plate readers on state roads, ordering existing cameras to be removed within 30 days of August 31. As noted in the memorandum, the action was taken due to an exponential increase in deployments alongside concerning reports of misuse, data privacy concerns, and surveillance schemes. The department has immediately revoked current permits and will use its discretionary authority to cease the issuance of all future requests for license plate reader systems within its jurisdictional authority. While the ban applies to state roads, it does not impact the 98 percent of automatic license plate readers installed on local roads and private property.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

60% covered (3/5). Missing: Florida Governor Ron DeSantis stated in August 2026 that the use of license plate reader technology was out of control.; The ban was enacted to preserve Floridians sovereignty and quality of life against constant surveillance and camera misuse.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

Florida's Department of Transportation has banned police from placing automated license plate readers on state roads, ordering existing cameras to be removed within 30 days of August 31. The ban was enacted to preserve Floridians' sovereignty and quality of life against constant surveillance and camera misuse. As noted in the memorandum, the action was taken due to an exponential increase in deployments alongside concerning reports of misuse, data privacy concerns, and surveillance schemes. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis stated in August 2026 that the use of license plate reader technology was out of control. The department has immediately revoked current permits and will use its discretionary authority to cease the issuance of all future requests for license plate reader systems within its jurisdictional authority. While the ban applies to state roads, it does not impact the 98 percent of automatic license plate readers installed on local roads and private property.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Florida's Department of Transportation has banned police from placing automated license plate readers on state roads. Officers must remove existing cameras within thirty days of August thirty-first. 

Officials enacted the ban to preserve sovereignty and quality of life against constant surveillance and camera misuse. The memorandum notes an exponential increase in deployments alongside concerning reports of misuse and data privacy concerns. 

Governor Ron DeSantis stated in August twenty twenty-six that the use of this technology was out of control. The department has immediately revoked current permits. It will use discretionary authority to cease future requests for these systems within its jurisdiction. 

The ban applies to state roads. It does not impact the ninety-eight percent of readers installed on local roads and private property.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Florida's Department of Transportation has banned police from placing automated license plate readers on state roads. Officers must remove existing cameras within thirty days of August thirty-first.

Officials enacted the ban to preserve sovereignty and quality of life against constant surveillance and camera misuse. The memorandum notes an exponential increase in deployments alongside concerning reports of misuse and data privacy concerns.

Governor Ron DeSantis stated in August twenty twenty-six that the use of this technology was out of control. The department has immediately revoked current permits. It will use discretionary authority to cease future requests for these systems within its jurisdiction.

The ban applies to state roads. It does not impact the ninety-eight percent of readers installed on local roads and private property.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

