═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. President Trump promised a $5,000 dividend to every adult American citizen if Republicans win the midterms.
2. The plan would cost north of $1.2 trillion to cover the roughly 245.3 million U.S. adult citizens.
3. The proposal immediately faced bipartisan pushback and questions over whether it constitutes an illegal voting incentive.
4. Republican donor Joe Lonsdale criticized the plan on X by calling it bread and circus bribes.
5. Trump claimed his tariff policies funded the dividend plan, but critics noted import duties fall far short of covering the cost.
6. Offering or making a payment to induce someone to vote is a criminal offense under U.S. federal law.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Facing an affordability-focused midterm election, President Donald Trump announced a proposal on Wednesday night to give every adult American citizen a $5,000 dividend, conditional on a Republican victory in November. Based on 2024 Census data showing roughly 245.3 million U.S. adult citizens, the plan would cost in excess of $1.2 trillion. The proposal immediately drew bipartisan criticism, including from some of Trump's own supporters, and raised questions regarding whether it could violate federal laws prohibiting payments intended to influence votes. Palantir co-founder and Republican donor Joe Lonsdale criticized the plan on X as bread and circus bribes. Rep. Chip Roy, a Texas Republican and leader of the Freedom Caucus, told Politico that he would like to know how they plan to pay for it, while former House Freedom Caucus Chair Bob Good called it a socialist vote-buying scheme on X. Trump and Vice President JD Vance asserted that the payments would be funded by revenues generated from administration tariffs, though the Penn Wharton Budget Model estimates those import duties have brought in around $300 billion in total between January 2025 and July 2026, with more than $100 billion of that refunded following a Supreme Court ruling striking down a swath of the tariffs as illegal. National debt recently surpassed the $40 trillion mark, the U.S. national deficit is nearing $1.8 trillion for the fiscal year to date, and the government has spent more than $6 trillion between October and July. Asked in a Fox News interview why the payments are withheld until after the midterms, Trump said because the Democrats can't do it.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Facing an affordability-focused midterm election, President Donald Trump announced a proposal on Wednesday night to give every adult American citizen a $5,000 dividend, conditional on a Republican victory in November. There are roughly 245.3 million U.S. adult citizens, according to 2024 Census data, and giving them $5,000 apiece would cost north of $1.2 trillion. The proposal immediately drew bipartisan criticism, including from some of Trump's own supporters, and raised questions regarding whether it could violate federal laws prohibiting payments intended to influence votes. Palantir co-founder and Republican donor Joe Lonsdale criticized the plan on X as bread and circus bribes. Rep. Chip Roy, R-Texas, a leader of the Freedom Caucus, told Politico that he would like to know how they would plan to pay for it, while former House Freedom Caucus Chair Bob Good said on X that it is a socialist vote-buying scheme. Trump and Vice President JD Vance asserted that the payments would be funded by revenues generated from administration tariffs, though the Penn Wharton Budget Model estimates those import duties have brought in around $300 billion in total between January 2025 and July 2026, with more than $100 billion of that refunded since February when the Supreme Court struck down a swath of tariffs as illegal. National debt recently passed the $40 trillion mark, the U.S. national deficit is nearing $1.8 trillion for the fiscal year to date, and the government has spent more than $6 trillion between October and July. Asked in a Fox News interview why the payments are withheld until after the midterms, Trump said because the Democrats can't do it.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

President Donald Trump announced a proposal to give every adult American citizen a five thousand dollar dividend. This is conditional on a Republican victory in November during an affordability-focused midterm election. 

Two hundred forty-five point three million U.S. adult citizens exist according to twenty twenty-four Census data. Giving them five thousand dollars apiece would cost north of one point two trillion dollars. 

The proposal immediately drew bipartisan criticism from some of Trump's own supporters. It raised questions regarding whether it could violate federal laws prohibiting payments intended to influence votes. 

Palantir co-founder and Republican donor , Joe Lonsdale, criticized the plan on the platform X as bread and circus bribes. Representative Chip Roy, a Republican from Texas and a leader of the Freedom Caucus, told Politico that he would like to know how they plan to pay for it. Former House Freedom Caucus Chair , Bob Good, said on X that it is a socialist vote-buying scheme. 

Trump and Vice President , J. D. Vance, asserted that the payments would be funded by revenues generated from administration tariffs. The Penn Wharton Budget Model estimates those import duties have brought in around three hundred billion dollars in total between January twenty-five and July twenty-six. More than one hundred billion dollars of that was refunded since February when the Supreme Court struck down a swath of tariffs as illegal. 

National debt recently passed the forty trillion dollar mark. The U.S. national deficit is nearing one point eight trillion dollars for the fiscal year to date. The government has spent more than six trillion dollars between October and July. 

Trump was asked in a Fox News interview why the payments are withheld until after the midterms. He said because the Democrats can't do it.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

President Donald Trump announced a proposal to give every adult American citizen a five thousand dollar dividend. This is conditional on a Republican victory in November during an affordability-focused midterm election.

Two hundred forty-five point three million US adult citizens exist according to twenty twenty-four Census data. Giving them five thousand dollars apiece would cost north of one point two trillion dollars.

The proposal immediately drew bipartisan criticism from some of Trump's own supporters. It raised questions regarding whether it could violate federal laws prohibiting payments intended to influence votes.

Palantir co-founder and Republican donor, Joe Lonsdale, criticized the plan on the platform X as bread and circus bribes. Representative Chip Roy, a Republican from Texas and a leader of the Freedom Caucus, told Politico that he would like to know how they plan to pay for it. Former House Freedom Caucus Chair, Bob Good, said on X that it is a socialist vote-buying scheme.

Trump and Vice President, J. D. Vance, asserted that the payments would be funded by revenues generated from administration tariffs. The Penn Wharton Budget Model estimates those import duties have brought in around three hundred billion dollars in total between January twenty-five and July twenty-six. More than one hundred billion dollars of that was refunded since February when the Supreme Court struck down a swath of tariffs as illegal.

National debt recently passed the forty trillion dollar mark. The US national deficit is nearing one point eight trillion dollars for the fiscal year to date. The government has spent more than six trillion dollars between October and July.

Trump was asked in a Fox News interview why the payments are withheld until after the midterms. He said because the Democrats can't do it.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: unspoken/unspaced acronyms

