═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Oracle is investing in two gigawatts of renewable energy projects for New Mexico.
2. The renewable energy push aims to appease local opposition threatening the Project Jupiter data center.
3. Oracle and OpenAI are developing the $165 billion Project Jupiter data center in Santa Teresa.
4. Project Jupiter forms part of the $500 billion Stargate AI infrastructure project announced in 2025.
5. The data center will still be powered by natural gas-consuming fuel cells despite the renewable announcement.
6. CEO Michael Thomas stated that the two gigawatts of renewables would not directly power the data center.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Oracle has proposed investing in two gigawatts of renewable energy projects for New Mexico as local opposition threatens to delay development of the Project Jupiter data center. Oracle is building the facility for OpenAI in Santa Teresa, New Mexico, as part of the $165 billion Project Jupiter data center initiative, which falls under the broader Stargate AI infrastructure project announced by President Donald Trump in 2025. Project Jupiter currently faces local protests and court battles over environmental impact concerns. Oracle issued a request for proposals for the two gigawatts of renewable energy on September 8, though the announcement does not change the fact that the data center will be powered by natural gas-consuming fuel cells. Michael Thomas, CEO of the Cleanview data platform, wrote in a LinkedIn post about the proposal, like all matching programs, this would be synthetic in the sense that two gigawatts of renewables would not directly power the data center.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Oracle wants to invest in two gigawatts of renewable energy projects for New Mexico. Local opposition now threatens to delay the development of the Project Jupiter data center. Oracle is building this facility for O. P. E. N. A. I. in Santa Teresa, New Mexico. The facility is part of the one hundred sixty-five billion dollar Project Jupiter data center initiative. This initiative falls under the broader Stargate A. I. infrastructure project announced by President Donald Trump in twenty twenty-five. Project Jupiter currently faces local protests and court battles over environmental impact concerns. Oracle issued a request for proposals for the two gigawatts of renewable energy on September eighth. This announcement does not change the fact that the data center will still be powered by natural gas-consuming fuel cells. Michael Thomas, C. E. O. of the Cleanview data platform, wrote about the proposal on LinkedIn. He noted that like all matching programs, this would be synthetic. He explained that two gigawatts of renewables would not directly power the data center.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Oracle wants to invest in two gigawatts of renewable energy projects for New Mexico. Local opposition now threatens to delay the development of the Project Jupiter data center. Oracle is building this facility for O. P. E. N. A. I. in Santa Teresa, New Mexico. The facility is part of the one hundred sixty-five billion dollar Project Jupiter data center initiative. This initiative falls under the broader Stargate A. I. infrastructure project announced by President Donald Trump in twenty twenty-five. Project Jupiter currently faces local protests and court battles over environmental impact concerns. Oracle issued a request for proposals for the two gigawatts of renewable energy on September eighth. This announcement does not change the fact that the data center will still be powered by natural gas-consuming fuel cells. Michael Thomas, C. E. O. of the Cleanview data platform, wrote about the proposal on LinkedIn. He noted that like all matching programs, this would be synthetic. He explained that two gigawatts of renewables would not directly power the data center.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

