═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. NASA invites media to a news conference with SpaceX Crew-12 astronauts on Wednesday, September 16, 2026.
2. The news conference will begin at 2:45 p.m. EDT from the International Space Station.
3. Crew-12 astronauts Jessica Meir, Jack Hathaway, Sophie Adenot, and Andrey Fedyaev will discuss their upcoming return to Earth.
4. Crew-12 contributed to hundreds of experiments aboard the space station to prepare for human exploration beyond low Earth orbit.
5. The crew will depart the space station after the arrival of Crew-13 and a short handover period.
6. Mission teams will review weather conditions at splashdown sites off the coast of California prior to the crew's departure.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

NASA has scheduled a news conference for 2:45 p.m. EDT on Wednesday, September 16, 2026, featuring the SpaceX Crew-12 astronauts aboard the International Space Station. NASA astronauts Jessica Meir and Jack Hathaway, ESA astronaut Sophie Adenot, and Roscosmos cosmonaut Andrey Fedyaev will discuss their upcoming return to Earth, which will follow the arrival of Crew-13 and a handover period. 

During their mission, Crew-12 contributed to Expedition 74 and 75, conducting hundreds of experiments focused on preparing for human exploration beyond low Earth orbit. Their research included studying pneumonia-causing bacteria to improve cardiovascular treatments, generating on-demand intravenous fluids for future missions, and analyzing how physical characteristics affect blood flow during spaceflight. 

Media outlets interested in participating must contact the Johnson Space Center newsroom in Houston at 281-483-5111 or via email at jsccommu@mail.nasa.gov by 5 p.m. EDT on Tuesday, September 15, 2026. Reporters must dial into the conference at least ten minutes before it begins to ask questions. The event will be broadcast live on the agency website.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

NASA has scheduled a news conference for 2:45 p.m. EDT, Wednesday, Sept. 16, featuring NASA astronauts Jessica Meir and Jack Hathaway, ESA astronaut Sophie Adenot, and Roscosmos cosmonaut Andrey Fedyaev aboard the International Space Station to discuss their upcoming return to Earth, which will follow the arrival of Crew-13 and a short handover period. 

During their mission, Crew-12 joined Expedition 74/75 crew members, contributing to hundreds of experiments focused on preparing for human exploration beyond low Earth orbit. Their research included studying pneumonia-causing bacteria to improve cardiovascular treatments, generating on-demand intravenous fluids for future missions, and analyzing how physical characteristics may affect blood flow during spaceflight. 

Media interested in participating must contact the Johnson Space Center newsroom in Houston at 281-483-5111 or via email at jsccommu@mail.nasa.gov no later than 5 p.m., Tuesday, Sept. 15. To ask questions, media must dial into the news conference no later than 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. The event will be broadcast live online.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

66% covered (4/6). Missing: NASA invites media to a news conference with SpaceX Crew-12 astronauts on Wednesday, September 16, 2026.; Mission teams will review weather conditions at splashdown sites off the coast of California prior to the crew's departure.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

NASA has scheduled a news conference for 2:45 p.m. EDT, Wednesday, Sept. 16, featuring NASA astronauts Jessica Meir and Jack Hathaway, ESA astronaut Sophie Adenot, and Roscosmos cosmonaut Andrey Fedyaev aboard the International Space Station to discuss their upcoming return to Earth, which will follow the arrival of Crew-13 and a short handover period. NASA invites media to this news conference with SpaceX Crew-12 astronauts on Wednesday, September 16, 2026. 

During their mission, Crew-12 joined Expedition 74/75 crew members, contributing to hundreds of experiments focused on preparing for human exploration beyond low Earth orbit. Their research included studying pneumonia-causing bacteria to improve cardiovascular treatments, generating on-demand intravenous fluids for future missions, and analyzing how physical characteristics may affect blood flow during spaceflight. Mission teams will review weather conditions at splashdown sites off the coast of California prior to the crew's departure.

Media interested in participating must contact the Johnson Space Center newsroom in Houston at 281-483-5111 or via email at jsccommu@mail.nasa.gov no later than 5 p.m., Tuesday, Sept. 15. To ask questions, media must dial into the news conference no later than 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. The event will be broadcast live online.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

N. A. S. A. has scheduled a news conference for two forty-five p. m. Eastern Daylight Time on Wednesday, September sixteenth, twenty twenty-six. Astronauts will speak from the International Space Station about their upcoming return to Earth. The event follows the arrival of Crew-thirteen and a short handover period. 

The briefing features N. A. S. A. astronauts Jessica Meir and Jack Hathaway. E. S. A. astronaut Sophie Adenot and Roscosmos cosmonaut, Andrey Fedyaev, will also join the call. They are the SpaceX Crew-twelve astronauts currently in orbit. 

During their mission, Crew-twelve joined Expedition seventy-four and seventy-five crew members. They contributed to hundreds of experiments focused on preparing for human exploration beyond low Earth orbit. Their research included studying pneumonia-causing bacteria to improve cardiovascular treatments. They also generated on-demand intravenous fluids for future missions and analyzed how physical characteristics affect blood flow. Mission teams will review weather conditions at splashdown sites off the coast of California before the crew departs. 

Media members interested in participating must contact the Johnson Space Center newsroom in Houston. The phone number is two eight one, four eight three, five one one one. You can also reach them via email at jsccommu at mail dot nasa dot gov. The deadline to register is five p. m. on Tuesday, September fifteenth. Journalists must dial into the news conference ten minutes before the call starts. The event will be broadcast live online.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

N. A. S. A. has scheduled a news conference for two forty-five p. m. Eastern Daylight Time on Wednesday, September sixteenth, twenty twenty-six. Astronauts will speak from the International Space Station about their upcoming return to Earth. The event follows the arrival of Crew-thirteen and a short handover period.

The briefing features N. A. S. A. astronauts Jessica Meir and Jack Hathaway. E. S. A. astronaut Sophie Adenot and Roscosmos cosmonaut, Andrey Fedyaev, will also join the call. They are the SpaceX Crew-twelve astronauts currently in orbit.

During their mission, Crew-twelve joined Expedition seventy-four and seventy-five crew members. They contributed to hundreds of experiments focused on preparing for human exploration beyond low Earth orbit. Their research included studying pneumonia-causing bacteria to improve cardiovascular treatments. They also generated on-demand intravenous fluids for future missions and analyzed how physical characteristics affect blood flow. Mission teams will review weather conditions at splashdown sites off the coast of California before the crew departs.

Media members interested in participating must contact the Johnson Space Center newsroom in Houston. The phone number is two eight one, four eight three, five one one one. You can also reach them via email at jsccommu at mail dot nasa dot gov. The deadline to register is five p. m. on Tuesday, September fifteenth. Journalists must dial into the news conference ten minutes before the call starts. The event will be broadcast live online.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

83% covered (5/6). Missing: NASA invites media to a news conference with SpaceX Crew-12 astronauts on Wednesday, September 16, 2026.

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

