═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Google is introducing new football features in Search to help fans dive deeper into games.
2. Users can follow real-time action with the new Live Game Feed by searching for ongoing games.
3. The Live Game Feed for professional football is currently available on mobile in the U.S. in English.
4. Fans can view league leaders and detailed player metrics including sacks, fumbles, and rushing yards.
5. Users can link their Yahoo Fantasy or Sleeper account with Search for customized fantasy insights.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Google has introduced new football features in Search for the U.S. football season, including a Live Game Feed, detailed stats, and fantasy account integration. The Live Game Feed, accessed by searching an ongoing game and looking for the red live icon, provides a recap, dynamic timeline with play-by-play updates, social commentary, video highlights, and AI-powered insights. This feed is currently available on mobile in the U.S. in English for professional football, with collegiate support and global expansion coming later this month. Search also features a new matchup carousel to check scores across the league, new player metrics like sacks and yards after catch, league leaders in categories such as passing touchdowns, and upcoming features showing championship favorites and playoff brackets, all available globally on mobile. Additionally, users can now securely link their Yahoo Fantasy or Sleeper accounts to Search and use AI Mode for tailored recommendations, start and sit advice, waiver wire targets, draft assessments, and weekly recaps. The fantasy connection feature is currently available in the U.S. in English.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

As the football season officially arrives, Search now offers new upgrades to serve as your ultimate game-day guide, including a Live Game Feed, detailed player and league stats, and fantasy account integration. The Live Game Feed, accessed by searching an ongoing game and looking for the red live icon, provides a recap, dynamic timeline with play-by-play updates, social commentary, video highlights, and AI-powered insights. This feed is currently available on mobile in the U.S. in English for professional football, with collegiate support and global expansion coming later this month. Search also features a new matchup carousel to check scores across the league, new player metrics like sacks and yards after catch, league leaders in categories such as passing touchdowns, and upcoming features showing championship favorites and playoff brackets, all available globally on mobile. Furthermore, users can securely link their Yahoo Fantasy or Sleeper accounts to Search and use AI Mode for tailored recommendations, start and sit advice, waiver wire targets, draft assessments, and weekly recaps. The fantasy connection feature is currently available in the U.S. in English.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

As the football season officially arrives, Search now offers new upgrades to serve as your ultimate game-day guide, including a Live Game Feed, detailed player and league stats, and fantasy account integration. The Live Game Feed, accessed by searching an ongoing game and looking for the red live icon, provides a recap, dynamic timeline with play-by-play updates, social commentary, video highlights, and AI-powered insights. This feed is currently available on mobile in the U.S. in English for professional football, with collegiate support and global expansion coming later this month. Search also features a new matchup carousel to check scores across the league, new player metrics like sacks and yards after catch, league leaders in categories such as passing touchdowns, and upcoming features showing championship favorites and playoff brackets, all available globally on mobile. The fantasy connection feature is currently available in the U.S. in English.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Football season is here. Google Search now offers new upgrades to serve as your ultimate game day guide. You get a live game feed, detailed player and league stats, and fantasy account integration. 

To find the live game feed, search for an ongoing game and look for the red live icon. It gives you a recap and a dynamic timeline with play by play updates. You also get social commentary, video highlights, and artificial intelligence powered insights. 

This feed is currently available on mobile in the United States in English for professional football. Collegiate support and global expansion are coming later this month. 

Search also features a new matchup carousel to check scores across the league. You can view new player metrics like sacks and yards after catch. You can check league leaders in categories such as passing touchdowns. Upcoming features will show championship favorites and playoff brackets. All of these features are available globally on mobile. 

The fantasy connection feature is currently available in the United States in English.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Football season is here. Google Search now offers new upgrades to serve as your ultimate game day guide. You get a live game feed, detailed player and league stats, and fantasy account integration.

To find the live game feed, search for an ongoing game and look for the red live icon. It gives you a recap and a dynamic timeline with play by play updates. You also get social commentary, video highlights, and artificial intelligence powered insights.

This feed is currently available on mobile in the United States in English for professional football. Collegiate support and global expansion are coming later this month.

Search also features a new matchup carousel to check scores across the league. You can view new player metrics like sacks and yards after catch. You can check league leaders in categories such as passing touchdowns. Upcoming features will show championship favorites and playoff brackets. All of these features are available globally on mobile.

The fantasy connection feature is currently available in the United States in English.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

