═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Matt Mullenweg posted in Automattic’s Slack that he is back in control as CEO.
2. Automattic’s board had voted days earlier to oust Mullenweg as CEO and place him on leave.
3. Chief Financial Officer Mark Davies was temporarily made interim CEO during Mullenweg's absence.
4. Mullenweg wrote that the board is back in agreement and he is controlling Automattic again.
5. Mark Davies’ Slack account was deactivated following Mullenweg's recent announcement to staff.
6. Mullenweg claimed the private equity firm Silver Lake was involved in plotting against him.
7. Mullenweg told staff that the board members had conspired behind his back.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Matt Mullenweg posted a message to Automattic’s Slack claiming he is back in control as CEO of the WordPress.com parent company, just days after the board voted to oust him. The latest development follows a Wednesday vote by Automattic board members to place Mullenweg on a paid leave of absence, naming chief financial officer Mark Davies as interim CEO. Automattic previously confirmed Mullenweg's leave and Davies' appointment, but the company has not yet responded to requests to confirm Mullenweg's statement of return. Early Friday morning, Mullenweg wrote on Slack that the board is back in agreement and he is in control, adding that a lot happened in the past 48 hours that needs to be sorted out. Sources reported that Mark Davies’ Slack account was deactivated, though no one at Automattic has heard official confirmation from the board. Prior to his Slack announcement, Mullenweg removed all Slack admins and made posts on social media suggesting he was fighting the board's decision, while also pointing to private equity firm Silver Lake as being involved in an attempt to destroy his life. Mullenweg responded to inquiries by stating that a blog post is forthcoming.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Matt Mullenweg posted a message to Automattic’s Slack claiming he is back in control as CEO of the WordPress.com parent company, just days after the board voted to oust him. The latest development follows a Wednesday vote by Automattic board members to place Mullenweg on a paid leave of absence, naming chief financial officer Mark Davies as interim CEO. Automattic previously confirmed Mullenweg's leave and Davies' appointment, but the company has not yet responded to requests to confirm Mullenweg's statement of return. Early Friday morning, Mullenweg wrote on Slack that the board is back in agreement and he is in control, adding that a lot happened in the past 48 hours that needs to be sorted out. Sources reported that Mark Davies’ Slack account was deactivated, though no one at Automattic has heard official confirmation from the board. Prior to his Slack announcement, Mullenweg had removed all Slack admins and made social media posts suggesting he wasn't done fighting the decision, while pointing to private equity firm Silver Lake as being involved in a plan to destroy his life. Mullenweg responded to inquiries by stating that a blog post is forthcoming.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

Matt Mullenweg posted a message to Automattic’s Slack claiming he is back in control as CEO of the WordPress.com parent company, just days after the board voted to oust him. The latest development follows a Wednesday vote by Automattic board members to place Mullenweg on a paid leave of absence, naming chief financial officer Mark Davies as interim CEO. Automattic previously confirmed Mullenweg's leave and Davies' appointment, but the company has not yet responded to requests to confirm Mullenweg's statement of return. Early Friday morning, Mullenweg wrote on Slack that the board is back in agreement and he is in control, adding that a lot happened in the past 48 hours that needs to be sorted out. Sources reported that Mark Davies’ Slack account was deactivated, though no one at Automattic has heard official confirmation from the board. Mullenweg responded to inquiries by stating that a blog post is forthcoming.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

71% covered (5/7). Missing: Mullenweg claimed the private equity firm Silver Lake was involved in plotting against him.; Mullenweg told staff that the board members had conspired behind his back.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

Matt Mullenweg posted a message to Automattic’s Slack claiming he is back in control as CEO of the WordPress.com parent company, just days after the board voted to oust him. The latest development follows a Wednesday vote by Automattic board members to place Mullenweg on a paid leave of absence, naming chief financial officer Mark Davies as interim CEO. Mullenweg told staff that the board members had conspired behind his back. Automattic previously confirmed Mullenweg's leave and Davies' appointment, but the company has not yet responded to requests to confirm Mullenweg's statement of return. Early Friday morning, Mullenweg wrote on Slack that the board is back in agreement and he is in control, adding that a lot happened in the past 48 hours that needs to be sorted out. Mullenweg claimed the private equity firm Silver Lake was involved in plotting against him. Sources reported that Mark Davies’ Slack account was deactivated, though no one at Automattic has heard official confirmation from the board. Mullenweg responded to inquiries by stating that a blog post is forthcoming.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Matt Mullenweg posted a message to the messaging app Slack. He claimed he is back in control as chief executive officer of the WordPress company. This comes just days after the board voted to oust him. The board members voted on a Wednesday to place him on a paid leave of absence. They named chief financial officer Mark Davies as interim chief executive officer. Mullenweg told his staff that the board members conspired behind his back. Automattic previously confirmed his leave and the appointment of Davies. However, the company has not yet responded to requests to confirm his statement of return. Early Friday morning, Mullenweg wrote on Slack that the board is back in agreement. He stated he is in control and added that a lot happened in the past forty-eight hours that needs to be sorted out. He claimed the private equity firm Silver Lake was involved in plotting against him. Sources reported that the Slack account for Mark Davies was deactivated. No one at the company has heard official confirmation from the board. Mullenweg responded to inquiries by stating that a blog post is forthcoming.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Matt Mullenweg posted a message to the messaging app Slack. He claimed he is back in control as chief executive officer of the WordPress company. This comes just days after the board voted to oust him. The board members voted on a Wednesday to place him on a paid leave of absence. They named chief financial officer Mark Davies as interim chief executive officer. Mullenweg told his staff that the board members conspired behind his back. Automattic previously confirmed his leave and the appointment of Davies. However, the company has not yet responded to requests to confirm his statement of return. Early Friday morning, Mullenweg wrote on Slack that the board is back in agreement. He stated he is in control and added that a lot happened in the past forty-eight hours that needs to be sorted out. He claimed the private equity firm Silver Lake was involved in plotting against him. Sources reported that the Slack account for Mark Davies was deactivated. No one at the company has heard official confirmation from the board. Mullenweg responded to inquiries by stating that a blog post is forthcoming.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

