═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. An Irish man traveling with his family in Kolkata asked Grok about gaining Indian citizenship.
2. The AI chatbot Grok stated that obtaining Indian citizenship through naturalisation would require at least 14 years.
3. Grok explained that India does not allow dual citizenship, requiring applicants to renounce their Irish nationality.
4. Elon Musk reacted to the viral social media exchange by praising the country, stating India is realistic.
5. Grok warned the user that India provides no cash social welfare or unemployment payments for new arrivals.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

An Irish man recently arrived in Kolkata with his family and consulted the xAI chatbot Grok about obtaining Indian citizenship, discovering it would take at least 14 years. After the user posted about his experience on X, tech entrepreneur Elon Musk responded to the post by writing, India is realistic. 

According to Grok, naturalisation requires at least 12 years of lawful residence, consisting of 11 years of aggregate residence within the 14 years prior to a final continuous 12-month period. Additionally, India does not permit dual citizenship, meaning the applicant would have to renounce their Irish nationality, and final approval remains entirely discretionary by the government. 

When the user inquired whether his family could receive state financial assistance while looking for work, Grok informed him that India offers no cash social welfare or unemployment payments for new arrivals or non-citizens. The chatbot stated that assistance such as ration cards and pensions generally requires Indian citizenship and specific eligibility, while formal-sector schemes require prior contributions, advising the family that they would need to support themselves. 

Further queries regarding whether the user could quickly buy a house after winning 100,000 euros at a casino resulted in Grok explaining that property acquisition depends on immigration and residency status rather than available funds alone.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

An Irish man recently arrived in Kolkata with his family and consulted the xAI chatbot Grok about obtaining Indian citizenship, discovering it would take at least 14 years. After the user posted his experience on X, tech entrepreneur Elon Musk replied to the post, praising India by writing, "India is realistic." 

According to Grok's response, naturalisation requires at least 12 years of lawful residence, consisting of 11 years aggregate in the 14 years before a final continuous 12-month period. Grok also highlighted that India does not allow dual citizenship, meaning Irish nationality must be renounced, and noted that approval is discretionary by the government. 

When the user inquired how much the Indian state would pay his family while they waited and looked for work, Grok informed him that India has no cash social welfare or unemployment payments for new arrivals or non-citizens. The chatbot added that ration cards, pensions, and most assistance require Indian citizenship plus eligibility, while formal-sector schemes need prior contributions, concluding that they must support themselves. 

Further queries regarding a hypothetical scenario where the user won €100K at a casino and wanted to quickly buy a house as an individual resulted in Grok explaining that buying a house would depend on his immigration and residency status rather than just having the money.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

An Irish man recently arrived in Kolkata with his family and consulted the xAI chatbot Grok about obtaining Indian citizenship, discovering it would take at least 14 years. Grok also highlighted that India does not allow dual citizenship, meaning Irish nationality must be renounced, and noted that approval is discretionary by the government. The chatbot added that ration cards, pensions, and most assistance require Indian citizenship plus eligibility, while formal-sector schemes need prior contributions, concluding that they must support themselves. Further queries regarding a hypothetical scenario where the user won €100K at a casino and wanted to quickly buy a house as an individual resulted in Grok explaining that buying a house would depend on his immigration and residency status rather than just having the money.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

80% covered (4/5). Missing: Elon Musk reacted to the viral social media exchange by praising the country, stating India is realistic.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

An Irish man recently arrived in Kolkata with his family and consulted the xAI chatbot Grok about obtaining Indian citizenship, discovering it would take at least 14 years. Elon Musk reacted to the viral social media exchange by praising the country, stating India is realistic. Grok also highlighted that India does not allow dual citizenship, meaning Irish nationality must be renounced, and noted that approval is discretionary by the government. The chatbot added that ration cards, pensions, and most assistance require Indian citizenship plus eligibility, while formal-sector schemes need prior contributions, concluding that they must support themselves. Further queries regarding a hypothetical scenario where the user won €100K at a casino and wanted to quickly buy a house as an individual resulted in Grok explaining that buying a house would depend on his immigration and residency status rather than just having the money.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

An Irish man arrived in Kolkata with his family. He asked the artificial intelligence chatbot Grok about getting Indian citizenship. Grok said it would take at least fourteen years. Elon Musk saw the viral social media exchange and praised the country. Musk stated that India is realistic. Grok also highlighted that India does not allow dual citizenship. This means the man must renounce his Irish nationality. Grok noted that approval is totally discretionary by the government. The chatbot added that ration cards and pensions and most assistance require Indian citizenship plus eligibility. Formal sector schemes need prior contributions. Grok concluded that the family must support themselves. The man asked another question about a hypothetical scenario. He imagined winning one hundred thousand euros at a casino and wanting to quickly buy a house as an individual. Grok explained that buying a house would depend on his immigration and residency status instead of just having the money.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

An Irish man arrived in Kolkata with his family. He asked the artificial intelligence chatbot Grok about getting Indian citizenship. Grok said it would take at least fourteen years. Elon Musk saw the viral social media exchange and praised the country. Musk stated that India is realistic. Grok also highlighted that India does not allow dual citizenship. This means the man must renounce his Irish nationality. Grok noted that approval is totally discretionary by the government. The chatbot added that ration cards and pensions and most assistance require Indian citizenship plus eligibility. Formal sector schemes need prior contributions. Grok concluded that the family must support themselves. The man asked another question about a hypothetical scenario. He imagined winning one hundred thousand euros at a casino and wanting to quickly buy a house as an individual. Grok explained that buying a house would depend on his immigration and residency status instead of just having the money.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

SKIPPED: 429 RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED. {'error': {'code': 429, 'message': 'You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, head to: https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/rate-limits. To monitor your current usage, head to: https://ai.dev/rate-limit. \n* Quota exceeded for metric: generativelanguage.googleapis.com/generate_content_free_tier_requests, limit: 15, model: gemini-3.5-flash-lite\nPlease retry in 10.039587653s.', 'status': 'RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED', 'details': [{'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.Help', 'links': [{'description': 'Learn more about Gemini API quotas', 'url': 'https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/rate-limits'}]}, {'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.QuotaFailure', 'violations': [{'quotaMetric': 'generativelanguage.googleapis.com/generate_content_free_tier_requests', 'quotaId': 'GenerateRequestsPerMinutePerProjectPerModel-FreeTier', 'quotaDimensions': {'location': 'global', 'model': 'gemini-3.5-flash-lite'}, 'quotaValue': '15'}]}, {'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.RetryInfo', 'retryDelay': '10s'}]}}

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

