═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Uganda is withdrawing from the Invictus Games out of respect for King Charles.
2. General Muhoozi Kainerugaba announced the surprise withdrawal in an X post on Wednesday.
3. Uganda recently became the 26th country to enter the multisport event for wounded service personnel.
4. Kainerugaba stated he wanted to quash factions supporting the Harry-Meghan nonsense.
5. The decision follows a royal letter clarifying that the Sussexes are not working royals.
6. Government spokesperson Alan Kasujja confirmed Kainerugaba decides whether the military participates.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Uganda is withdrawing from the Duke of Sussex’s Invictus Games, according to the country’s military chief, General Muhoozi Kainerugaba. The surprise announcement was made in a post on X on Wednesday by Kainerugaba, who is the son of the Ugandan president and was appointed army chief in 2024. Kainerugaba wrote that Uganda was withdrawing in order not to be construed as opposed to King Charles III, whom they deeply revere, adding that they would not participate in anything that does not have the King’s approval. When asked about the motivation by the Times, Kainerugaba stated that he had factions in the Ministry of Defence supporting the Harry and Meghan situation and had to quash it straight away, adding that he supports the monarch. Ugandan government spokesperson Alan Kasujja confirmed to the BBC that Kainerugaba decides whether the Uganda People’s Defence Force participates in the games and that his post represents his stated position. The timing of the announcement follows an official letter issued on Monday by the lord chamberlain, Richard Benyon, at the direction of King Charles, reiterating that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are not working royals, do not use their HRH styles, and that their charitable work is undertaken in a private capacity. The withdrawal is a blow to Prince Harry, who two months ago stood alongside Uganda’s defence minister, Kiryowa Kiwanuka, in London to announce that Uganda would become the 26th country to enter the multisport event for wounded service personnel.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Uganda is withdrawing from the Duke of Sussex’s Invictus Games, the country’s military chief has said, out of respect for King Charles. The surprise announcement was made in a post on X on Wednesday by Gen Muhoozi Kainerugaba, who is the son of the Ugandan president and was appointed army chief in 2024. Kainerugaba wrote that Uganda was withdrawing in order not to be construed as opposed to King Charles III, whom they deeply revere, adding that they would not participate in anything that does not have the King’s approval. When asked about the motivation by the Times, Kainerugaba stated that he had factions in the Ministry of Defence supporting that Harry-Meghan nonsense and had to quash it straight away, adding that he supports the monarch. Ugandan government spokesperson Alan Kasujja confirmed to the BBC that Kainerugaba decides whether the Uganda People’s Defence Force participates in the games and that his post represents his stated position. The timing of the announcement follows an official letter issued on Monday by the lord chamberlain, Richard Benyon, at the direction of King Charles, reiterating that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are no longer working members of the royal family and that their charitable work is undertaken in a private capacity. The news, first reported by the Uganda Pulse news website, will be a blow to Harry, who two months ago stood alongside Uganda’s defence minister, Kiryowa Kiwanuka, at an Invictus Games event in London to announce that the East African nation would be the 26th country to enter the multisport event for wounded service personnel.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Uganda is withdrawing from the Invictus Games out of respect for King Charles the third. The surprise announcement was made on Wednesday by, General Muhoozi Kainerugaba. He is the military chief and son of the Ugandan president. He wrote on the social media platform X that Uganda will not participate in anything without the King's approval. He told the Times newspaper that he had to quash support within his ministry for that nonsense involving Harry and Meghan. A government spokesperson confirmed that the military chief decides participation and his online post represents official policy. The announcement follows a letter issued on Monday by, Richard Benyon, at the direction of King Charles. That letter reiterated that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are no longer working members of the royal family. Just two months ago, Prince Harry stood alongside, Kiryowa Kiwanuka, the Ugandan defence minister in London. They announced that Uganda would become the twenty-sixth country to enter the multisport event for wounded service personnel.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Uganda is withdrawing from the Invictus Games out of respect for King Charles the third. The surprise announcement was made on Wednesday by, General Muhoozi Kainerugaba. He is the military chief and son of the Ugandan president. He wrote on the social media platform X that Uganda will not participate in anything without the King's approval. He told the Times newspaper that he had to quash support within his ministry for that nonsense involving Harry and Meghan. A government spokesperson confirmed that the military chief decides participation and his online post represents official policy. The announcement follows a letter issued on Monday by, Richard Benyon, at the direction of King Charles. That letter reiterated that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are no longer working members of the royal family. Just two months ago, Prince Harry stood alongside, Kiryowa Kiwanuka, the Ugandan defence minister in London. They announced that Uganda would become the twenty-sixth country to enter the multisport event for wounded service personnel.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: awkward punctuation

