═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. OpenAI introduced GPT-6 Astra last week as its most capable model built for business work.
2. GPT-6 Astra pricing starts at $10 per million input tokens and $50 per million output tokens.
3. During safety tests, Astra produced unintended outcomes 89% less often than GPT-5.6 Sol.
4. Astra produced unintended outcomes 74.7% less often than Claude Fable 5.1 during safety testing.
5. New enterprise admin controls let organizations restrict access to approved websites and desktop applications.
6. Astra is the first model to reach the Critical cybersecurity capability threshold under the Preparedness Framework.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

OpenAI introduced GPT-6 Astra, its newest model built for professional work, software engineering, cybersecurity, and science. Astra is available now in ChatGPT Work, Codex, and via the API. The model is designed to work through existing applications and write code without requiring businesses to redesign workflows or build custom integrations. Pricing for the model starts at $10 per million input tokens and $50 per million output tokens. During internal rollout, OpenAI engineering used Astra to resolve a memory-allocation bottleneck, producing 25 times lower turn latency with roughly 30 percent higher peak memory use, while developer and marketing teams used it to help produce a launch video that garnered over 550,000 views in four days. Astra is designed to be more efficient, completing tasks in fewer tokens with fewer retries. On safety, Astra produced unintended outcomes in internal computer use evaluations 89 percent less often than GPT-5.6 Sol and 74.7 percent less often than Claude Fable 5.1. Astra is also the first model to reach the Critical cybersecurity capability threshold under OpenAI's Preparedness Framework, prompting the company to strengthen protections against misuse and unauthorized actions. Alongside Astra, new enterprise plugins are launching in ChatGPT Desktop from Oracle Analytics, Power BI, Navan, and Avalara. Enterprise access is off by default at launch, and administrators can enable it under their applicable rate card and agreement.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

OpenAI introduced GPT-6 Astra, its newest model built for professional work, software engineering, cybersecurity, and science. Astra is available now in ChatGPT Work, Codex, and via the API. The model is designed to work through existing applications and write code without requiring businesses to redesign workflows or build custom integrations. Pricing for the model starts at $10 per million input tokens and $50 per million output tokens. Within the first few days of rollout, OpenAI's developer and marketing teams used Astra and Codex to turn three hours of multicamera footage into a launch video that garnered over 550,000 views in four days, while engineering used Astra to resolve a memory-allocation bottleneck, producing 25 times lower turn latency with roughly 30 percent higher peak memory use in a test environment. Astra is designed to be more efficient, completing tasks in fewer tokens with fewer retries. On safety, Astra produced unintended outcomes in internal computer use evaluations 89 percent less often than GPT-5.6 Sol and 74.7 percent less often than Claude Fable 5.1. Astra is also the first model to reach the Critical cybersecurity capability threshold under OpenAI's Preparedness Framework, prompting the company to strengthen protections against misuse and unauthorized actions. Alongside Astra, new enterprise plugins are launching in ChatGPT Desktop from Oracle Analytics, Power BI, Navan, and Avalara. Enterprise access is off by default at launch, and administrators can enable it under their applicable rate card and agreement.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

OpenAI introduced GPT-6 Astra, its newest model built for professional work, software engineering, cybersecurity, and science. Astra is available now in ChatGPT Work, Codex, and via the API. The model is designed to work through existing applications and write code without requiring businesses to redesign workflows or build custom integrations. Pricing for the model starts at $10 per million input tokens and $50 per million output tokens. Astra is designed to be more efficient, completing tasks in fewer tokens with fewer retries. On safety, Astra produced unintended outcomes in internal computer use evaluations 89 percent less often than GPT-5.6 Sol and 74.7 percent less often than Claude Fable 5.1. Astra is also the first model to reach the Critical cybersecurity capability threshold under OpenAI's Preparedness Framework, prompting the company to strengthen protections against misuse and unauthorized actions. Alongside Astra, new enterprise plugins are launching in ChatGPT Desktop from Oracle Analytics, Power BI, Navan, and Avalara. Enterprise access is off by default at launch, and administrators can enable it under their applicable rate card and agreement.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

83% covered (5/6). Missing: New enterprise admin controls let organizations restrict access to approved websites and desktop applications.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

OpenAI introduced GPT-6 Astra, its newest model built for professional work, software engineering, cybersecurity, and science. Astra is available now in ChatGPT Work, Codex, and via the API. The model is designed to work through existing applications and write code without requiring businesses to redesign workflows or build custom integrations. Pricing for the model starts at $10 per million input tokens and $50 per million output tokens. Astra is designed to be more efficient, completing tasks in fewer tokens with fewer retries. On safety, Astra produced unintended outcomes in internal computer use evaluations 89 percent less often than GPT-5.6 Sol and 74.7 percent less often than Claude Fable 5.1. New enterprise admin controls let organizations restrict access to approved websites and desktop applications. Astra is also the first model to reach the Critical cybersecurity capability threshold under OpenAI's Preparedness Framework, prompting the company to strengthen protections against misuse and unauthorized actions. Alongside Astra, new enterprise plugins are launching in ChatGPT Desktop from Oracle Analytics, Power BI, Navan, and Avalara. Enterprise access is off by default at launch, and administrators can enable it under their applicable rate card and agreement.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

OpenAI introduced G. P. T. dash six Astra, its newest model built for professional work and software engineering and cybersecurity and science. Astra is available now in Chat G. P. T. Work and Codex and via the application programming interface. The model is designed to work through existing applications and write code without requiring businesses to redesign workflows or build custom integrations. Pricing for the model starts at ten dollars per million input tokens and fifty dollars per million output tokens. Astra is designed to be more efficient, completing tasks in fewer tokens with fewer retries. On safety, Astra produced unintended outcomes in internal computer use evaluations eighty-nine percent less often than G. P. T. point six Sol and seventy-four point seven percent less often than Claude Fable point one. New enterprise admin controls let organizations restrict access to approved websites and desktop applications. Astra is also the first model to reach the Critical cybersecurity capability threshold under OpenAI's Preparedness Framework, prompting the company to strengthen protections against misuse and unauthorized actions. Alongside Astra, new enterprise plugins are launching in Chat G. P. T. Desktop from Oracle Analytics, Power B. I., Navan, and Avalara. Enterprise access is off by default at launch, and administrators can enable it under their applicable rate card and agreement.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

OpenAI introduced G. P. T. dash six Astra, its newest model built for professional work and software engineering and cybersecurity and science. Astra is available now in Chat G. P. T. Work and Codex and via the application programming interface. The model is designed to work through existing applications and write code without requiring businesses to redesign workflows or build custom integrations. Pricing for the model starts at ten dollars per million input tokens and fifty dollars per million output tokens. Astra is designed to be more efficient, completing tasks in fewer tokens with fewer retries. On safety, Astra produced unintended outcomes in internal computer use evaluations eighty-nine percent less often than G. P. T. point six Sol and seventy-four point seven percent less often than Claude Fable point one. New enterprise admin controls let organizations restrict access to approved websites and desktop applications. Astra is also the first model to reach the Critical cybersecurity capability threshold under OpenAI's Preparedness Framework, prompting the company to strengthen protections against misuse and unauthorized actions. Alongside Astra, new enterprise plugins are launching in Chat G. P. T. Desktop from Oracle Analytics, Power B. I., Navan, and Avalara. Enterprise access is off by default at launch, and administrators can enable it under their applicable rate card and agreement.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

