═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Mecka AI is nearing a new funding round led by Sequoia Capital at a valuation of about $500 million.
2. The startup previously raised $60 million in a round announced three months prior and led by Framework Ventures.
3. Mecka AI was co-founded in 2024 by Josh Gao, Mogen Cheng, Jason Chong, and Duy Nguyen.
4. The company collects human motion data to help overcome the primary bottleneck holding back general-purpose robots.
5. Mecka pays people to record themselves performing everyday tasks using body sensors and smartphones.
6. Gao stated in early June that Mecka projected ending 2026 at an annual run rate of $100 million.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Mecka AI is nearing a new funding round led by Sequoia Capital that values the startup at approximately $500 million. The exact size of the new financing has not been learned, and the deal terms are not final and could still change. This follows a $60 million round announced just three months ago that was led by Framework Ventures with participation from Menlo Ventures, SV Angel, and Kindred Ventures. Neither Mecka AI nor Sequoia commented on the current deal. Co-founded in 2024 by Josh Gao, Mogen Cheng, Jason Chong, and Duy Nguyen, Mecka AI focuses on collecting and analyzing human motion data to train humanoid and other general-purpose robots. The founders recognized that a lack of physical-world data is the primary bottleneck holding back robotics. The company pays people to record themselves performing everyday tasks like making coffee or fixing cars using body sensors and smartphones. When announcing its previous fundraise in June, Gao told Fortune that Mecka was projecting an annual run rate of $100 million by the end of 2026. Robotics companies and AI labs rely on this egocentric data approach to build their models, putting Mecka alongside other data collection startups like XDOF, Scale AI, and Micro1.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Mecka AI is nearing a new funding round led by Sequoia Capital that values the startup at approximately $500 million. The exact size of the new financing has not been learned, and the deal terms are not final and could still change. This follows a $60 million round announced just three months ago that was led by Framework Ventures with participation from Menlo Ventures, SV Angel, and Kindred Ventures. Mecka AI didn’t respond to a request for comment, while Sequoia declined to comment. Co-founded in 2024 by Josh Gao, Mogen Cheng, Jason Chong, and Duy Nguyen, Mecka AI focuses on collecting and analyzing human motion data to train humanoid and other general-purpose robots. The founders recognized that a lack of physical-world data is the primary bottleneck holding back robotics. The company pays people to record themselves performing everyday tasks like making coffee or fixing cars using body sensors and smartphones. When announcing its previous fundraise in June, Gao told Fortune that Mecka was projecting an annual run rate of $100 million by the end of 2026. Robotics companies and AI labs rely on this egocentric data approach to build their models, putting Mecka alongside other data collection startups like XDOF, Scale AI, and Micro1.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Mecka A. I. is nearing a new funding round led by Sequoia Capital. The deal values the startup at approximately five hundred million dollars. The exact size of the new financing has not been learned yet. The deal terms are not final and could still change. This follows a sixty million dollar round announced just three months ago. Framework Ventures led that round with participation from Menlo Ventures and S. V. Angel and Kindred Ventures. Mecka A. I. did not respond to a request for comment. Sequoia declined to comment. The company was co-founded in twenty twenty-four by Josh Gao, Mogen Cheng, Jason Chong, and, Duy Nguyen. Mecka A. I. focuses on collecting and analyzing human motion data. They use this data to train humanoid and other general-purpose robots. The founders recognized that a lack of physical-world data is the primary bottleneck holding back robotics. The company pays people to record themselves performing everyday tasks. People use body sensors and smartphones to record things like making coffee or fixing cars. When announcing its previous fundraise in June, Gao told Fortune that Mecka was projecting an annual run rate of one hundred million dollars by the end of twenty twenty-six. Robotics companies and artificial intelligence labs rely on this egocentric data approach to build their models. This puts Mecka alongside other data collection startups like X. D. O. F., Scale A. I., and Micro one.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Mecka A. I. is nearing a new funding round led by Sequoia Capital. The deal values the startup at approximately five hundred million dollars. The exact size of the new financing has not been learned yet. The deal terms are not final and could still change. This follows a sixty million dollar round announced just three months ago. Framework Ventures led that round with participation from Menlo Ventures and S. V. Angel and Kindred Ventures. Mecka A. I. did not respond to a request for comment. Sequoia declined to comment. The company was co-founded in twenty twenty-four by Josh Gao, Mogen Cheng, Jason Chong, and, Duy Nguyen. Mecka A. I. focuses on collecting and analyzing human motion data. They use this data to train humanoid and other general-purpose robots. The founders recognized that a lack of physical-world data is the primary bottleneck holding back robotics. The company pays people to record themselves performing everyday tasks. People use body sensors and smartphones to record things like making coffee or fixing cars. When announcing its previous fundraise in June, Gao told Fortune that Mecka was projecting an annual run rate of one hundred million dollars by the end of twenty twenty-six. Robotics companies and artificial intelligence labs rely on this egocentric data approach to build their models. This puts Mecka alongside other data collection startups like X. D. O. F., Scale A. I., and Micro one.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: comma before Duy Nguyen

