═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. The Justice Department used a special court to deport legal US resident Nazira Haji Zada to Afghanistan.
2. Forty-seven-year-old Nazira Haji Zada conceded to being an alien terrorist in the first-ever case before the court.
3. Prosecutors alleged Haji Zada supported a plan by her son and son-in-law to commit an Election Day mass shooting.
4. Congress created the Alien Terrorist Removal Court in 1996 to allow deportations using classified national security evidence.
5. Senior U.S. District Judge Joan Ericksen ordered Haji Zada's removal on August 20 after she waived her rights.
6. Haji Zada's attorneys stated that refusing to show defendants the evidence against them is a plain violation of due process.
7. Attorney General Todd Blanche approved the application, stating the landmark case is a win for national security.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

The Justice Department has brought its first-ever case before the Alien Terrorist Removal Court to deport 47-year-old legal U.S. resident Nazira Haji Zada to Afghanistan after she conceded to being an alien terrorist. Prosecutors alleged Haji Zada, who came to the U.S. as a lawful permanent resident in 2018, supported an Islamic State-inspired mass shooting plot on Election Day in 2024 planned by her 19-year-old son, Abdullah Haji Zada, and 28-year-old son-in-law, Nasir Ahmad Tawhedi. Both men have been charged, with the son sentenced to 15 years in prison and the son-in-law pleading guilty to two terrorism-related charges. Arrested in July at her home in Fort Worth, Texas, Haji Zada faced civil proceedings in the secretive court created by Congress in 1996, which allows a lower standard of proof and the use of classified evidence to deport individuals. In unsealed court filings dated August 20, Haji Zada waived her rights to challenge detention and agreed to deportation, with Senior U.S. District Judge Joan Ericksen ordering her removal the same day. Her court-appointed attorneys, Matthew Farley and Mary Manning Petras, contested the constitutionality of the case because they were not permitted to review classified evidence. In a statement, her attorneys said dragging lawful permanent residents into court while refusing to show them the evidence is a plain violation of due process, adding that their client's consent should not be seen as an endorsement of the court's legitimacy. Attorney General Todd Blanche approved the government application and stated that the landmark case is a win for national security and the rule of law.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

The Justice Department has brought its first-ever case before the Alien Terrorist Removal Court to deport 47-year-old legal U.S. resident Nazira Haji Zada to Afghanistan after she conceded to being an alien terrorist. Prosecutors alleged Haji Zada, who came to the U.S. as a lawful permanent resident in 2018, supported an Islamic State-inspired mass shooting plot on Election Day in 2024 planned by her 19-year-old son, Abdullah Haji Zada, and 28-year-old son-in-law, Nasir Ahmad Tawhedi. Both men have been charged, with the son sentenced to 15 years in prison and the son-in-law pleading guilty to two terrorism-related charges. Arrested in July at her home in Fort Worth, Texas, Haji Zada faced civil proceedings in the secretive court created by Congress in 1996, which allows a lower standard of proof and the use of classified evidence to deport individuals. In unsealed court filings dated Aug. 20, Haji Zada waived her rights to challenge the detention and agreed to the deportation, with Senior U.S. District Judge Joan Ericksen ordering her removal the same day. Her court-appointed attorneys, Matthew Farley and Mary Manning Petras, contested the constitutionality of the case because they were not permitted to review classified evidence. In a statement, her attorneys said dragging lawful permanent residents into court while refusing to show them the evidence is a plain violation of due process, adding that their client's consent should not be seen as an endorsement of the court's legitimacy. Attorney General Todd Blanche approved the government application and stated that the landmark case is a win for national security and the rule of law.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

The Justice Department has brought its first case before the Alien Terrorist Removal Court. They want to deport forty-seven-year-old legal U.S. resident, Nazira Haji Zada, to Afghanistan. She conceded to being an alien terrorist. Prosecutors alleged she supported an Islamic State-inspired mass shooting plot on Election Day in twenty twenty-four. Her nineteen-year-old son and her twenty-eight-year-old son-in-law planned the plot. Both men have been charged. The son was sentenced to fifteen years in prison. The son-in-law pleaded guilty to two terrorism-related charges. Nazira Haji Zada came to the United States as a lawful permanent resident in twenty eighteen. She was arrested in July at her home in Fort Worth, Texas. She faced civil proceedings in the secretive court. Congress created this court in nineteen ninety-six. It allows a lower standard of proof and the use of classified evidence to deport individuals. Unsealed court filings dated August twentieth show she waived her rights to challenge the detention. She agreed to the deportation. Senior U.S. District Judge Joan Ericksen ordered her removal the same day. Her court-appointed attorneys contested the constitutionality of the case. They were not permitted to review classified evidence. Her attorneys said dragging lawful permanent residents into court while refusing to show them the evidence is a plain violation of due process. They added that their client consent should not be seen as an endorsement of the court legitimacy. Attorney General Todd Blanche approved the government application. He stated that the landmark case is a win for national security and the rule of law.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

The Justice Department has brought its first case before the Alien Terrorist Removal Court. They want to deport forty-seven-year-old legal US resident, Nazira Haji Zada, to Afghanistan. She conceded to being an alien terrorist. Prosecutors alleged she supported an Islamic State-inspired mass shooting plot on Election Day in twenty twenty-four. Her nineteen-year-old son and her twenty-eight-year-old son-in-law planned the plot. Both men have been charged. The son was sentenced to fifteen years in prison. The son-in-law pleaded guilty to two terrorism-related charges. Nazira Haji Zada came to the United States as a lawful permanent resident in twenty eighteen. She was arrested in July at her home in Fort Worth, Texas. She faced civil proceedings in the secretive court. Congress created this court in nineteen ninety-six. It allows a lower standard of proof and the use of classified evidence to deport individuals. Unsealed court filings dated August twentieth show she waived her rights to challenge the detention. She agreed to the deportation. Senior US District Judge Joan Ericksen ordered her removal the same day. Her court-appointed attorneys contested the constitutionality of the case. They were not permitted to review classified evidence. Her attorneys said dragging lawful permanent residents into court while refusing to show them the evidence is a plain violation of due process. They added that their client consent should not be seen as an endorsement of the court legitimacy. Attorney General Todd Blanche approved the government application. He stated that the landmark case is a win for national security and the rule of law.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

