═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Stratechery Plus subscription costs fifteen dollars per month or one hundred fifty dollars per year.
2. Apple demonstrated hardware and software integration while facing a significant artificial intelligence blind spot.
3. Subscribers gain access to multiple podcasts including Dithering, Sharp Tech, and Sharp China.
4. Users can access Stratechery content via daily updates, emails, podcasts, SMS, or personalized RSS feeds.
5. Sharing subscription emails, shared inboxes, or RSS feeds violates the terms of service.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Apple demonstrated the power of integrating hardware and software with the iPhone Duo, the Intelligent Personal Hub, and Apple Watch Audio Intelligence, but the company's biggest artificial intelligence blind spot remains its belief in the primacy of apps. Subscriptions to Stratechery Plus are available for fifteen dollars per month or one hundred fifty dollars per year, which provides access to the subscriber-only Stratechery Update and Stratechery Interviews, along with podcasts including Sharp Tech, Sharp China, Dithering, Greatest of All Talk, and Asianometry. Stratechery Update delivers analysis of the news of the day via three weekly emails or podcasts. Dithering is a twice-weekly podcast featuring John Gruber and Ben Thompson lasting exactly fifteen minutes per episode. Sharp Tech covers how technology works and impacts lives. Sharp China is a weekly podcast by Andrew Sharp and Bill Bishop's Sinocism focusing on understanding China and its impact on the world. Greatest Of All Talk is a twice-weekly podcast about the NBA, life, and national parks with Andrew Sharp and Ben Golliver, while Sharp Text provides weekly written extensions covering basketball, technology, and US-China relations. Subscriptions auto-renew monthly or annually and can be cancelled at any time, with student discounts available due to the low baseline pricing.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Apple once again demonstrated the power of integrating hardware and software, but its biggest AI blindspot might be its belief in the primacy of apps. Subscriptions to Stratechery Plus are available for fifteen dollars per month or one hundred fifty dollars per year, which provides access to the subscriber-only Stratechery Update and Stratechery Interviews, along with podcasts including Sharp Tech, Sharp China, Dithering, Greatest of All Talk, and Asianometry. Stratechery Update delivers analysis of the news of the day via three weekly emails or podcasts. Dithering is a twice-weekly podcast from John Gruber and Ben Thompson lasting 15 minutes an episode, not a minute less, not a minute more. Sharp Tech covers how technology works and impacts lives. Sharp China is a weekly podcast about understanding China and how China impacts the world. Greatest Of All Talk is a twice-weekly podcast about the NBA, life, and national parks, while Sharp Text provides weekly written extensions covering basketball, technology, and US-China relations. Subscriptions auto-renew monthly or annually and can be cancelled at any time, with pricing purposely kept low to ensure accessibility for everyone, including students.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

Apple once again demonstrated the power of integrating hardware and software, but its biggest AI blindspot might be its belief in the primacy of apps. Subscriptions to Stratechery Plus are available for fifteen dollars per month or one hundred fifty dollars per year, which provides access to the subscriber-only Stratechery Update and Stratechery Interviews, along with podcasts including Sharp Tech, Sharp China, Dithering, Greatest of All Talk, and Asianometry. Stratechery Update delivers analysis of the news of the day via three weekly emails or podcasts. Sharp Tech covers how technology works and impacts lives. Sharp China is a weekly podcast about understanding China and how China impacts the world. Greatest Of All Talk is a twice-weekly podcast about the NBA, life, and national parks, while Sharp Text provides weekly written extensions covering basketball, technology, and US-China relations. Subscriptions auto-renew monthly or annually and can be cancelled at any time, with pricing purposely kept low to ensure accessibility for everyone, including students.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

60% covered (3/5). Missing: Users can access Stratechery content via daily updates, emails, podcasts, SMS, or personalized RSS feeds.; Sharing subscription emails, shared inboxes, or RSS feeds violates the terms of service.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

Apple once again demonstrated the power of integrating hardware and software, but its biggest AI blindspot might be its belief in the primacy of apps. Subscriptions to Stratechery Plus are available for fifteen dollars per month or one hundred fifty dollars per year, which provides access to the subscriber-only Stratechery Update and Stratechery Interviews, along with podcasts including Sharp Tech, Sharp China, Dithering, Greatest of All Talk, and Asianometry. Users can access Stratechery content via daily updates, emails, podcasts, SMS, or personalized RSS feeds. Stratechery Update delivers analysis of the news of the day via three weekly emails or podcasts. Sharp Tech covers how technology works and impacts lives. Sharp China is a weekly podcast about understanding China and how China impacts the world. Greatest Of All Talk is a twice-weekly podcast about the NBA, life, and national parks, while Sharp Text provides weekly written extensions covering basketball, technology, and US-China relations. Subscriptions auto-renew monthly or annually and can be cancelled at any time, with pricing purposely kept low to ensure accessibility for everyone, including students. Sharing subscription emails, shared inboxes, or RSS feeds violates the terms of service.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Apple recently demonstrated the power of blending hardware and software together. Its biggest A. I. blind spot might be its belief that apps come first. 

Subscriptions to Stratechery Plus cost fifteen dollars per month or one hundred fifty dollars per year. Subscribers get access to the Stratechery Update and Stratechery Interviews. They also get podcasts including Sharp Tech, Sharp China, Dithering, Greatest of All Talk, and Asianometry. 

Users can access content through daily updates, emails, podcasts, S. M. S., or personalized R. S. S. feeds. The Stratechery Update delivers daily news analysis through three weekly emails or podcasts. 

Sharp Tech covers how technology works and impacts our lives. Sharp China is a weekly podcast about understanding China and how China impacts the world. Greatest of All Talk is a twice-weekly podcast about the N. B. A., life, and national parks. Sharp Text provides weekly written extensions covering basketball, technology, and U. S. China relations. 

Subscriptions auto-renew every month or year and can be cancelled at any time. Pricing stays low to ensure accessibility for everyone, including students. Sharing subscription emails, shared inboxes, or R. S. S. feeds violates the terms of service.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Apple recently demonstrated the power of blending hardware and software together. Its biggest A. I. blind spot might be its belief that apps come first.

Subscriptions to Stratechery Plus cost fifteen dollars per month or one hundred fifty dollars per year. Subscribers get access to the Stratechery Update and Stratechery Interviews. They also get podcasts including Sharp Tech, Sharp China, Dithering, Greatest of All Talk, and Asianometry.

Users can access content through daily updates, emails, podcasts, S. M. S., or personalized R. S. S. feeds. The Stratechery Update delivers daily news analysis through three weekly emails or podcasts.

Sharp Tech covers how technology works and impacts our lives. Sharp China is a weekly podcast about understanding China and how China impacts the world. Greatest of All Talk is a twice-weekly podcast about the N. B. A., life, and national parks. Sharp Text provides weekly written extensions covering basketball, technology, and U. S. China relations.

Subscriptions auto-renew every month or year and can be cancelled at any time. Pricing stays low to ensure accessibility for everyone, including students. Sharing subscription emails, shared inboxes, or R. S. S. feeds violates the terms of service.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

