═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. US President Donald Trump stated in Dublin that a united Ireland would be fantastic.
2. Donald Trump met with the Taoiseach Micheál Martin at Farmleigh House during his visit.
3. More than 10,000 people marched through Dublin to show opposition to Donald Trump.
4. Irish President Catherine Connolly told Donald Trump that the normalisation of war cannot be accepted.
5. DUP leader Gavin Robinson said Northern Ireland's constitutional future will be decided by its people.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

During a two-day visit to Ireland, US President Donald Trump told Taoiseach Micheál Martin that a united Ireland would be a fantastic thing and would happen eventually. Meeting at Farmleigh House in Phoenix Park on Saturday, Trump told Martin he was the right man to get it moving, adding that the UK would have something to say about it obviously. Earlier on Saturday, Trump had a courtesy call with Irish President Catherine Connolly at the Áras an Uachtaráin, where Connolly raised the normalisation of war and genocide. Trump also met with Tánaiste Simon Harris and Foreign Minister Helen McEntee at Dublin Airport and travelled to County Clare for the Amgen Irish Open golf tournament. The comments on a united Ireland drew mixed reactions from local politicians. Sinn Féin leader Mary Lou McDonald said the onus is on the Taoiseach to begin planning a peaceful transition, while SDLP leader Claire Hanna stated that when even Donald Trump has clocked that Irish unity is no longer distant, it shows how far the conversation has shifted. Unionist leaders rejected Trump's remarks. DUP leader Gavin Robinson said Northern Ireland's constitutional future will be decided by its people, not by commentary in London, Dublin or Washington. UUP leader Jon Burrows emphasized the principle of consent enshrined in the Belfast Agreement, and TUV leader Jim Allister criticized Trump for meddling in affairs that do not concern him. A spokesperson for Number 10 pointed to Prime Minister Andy Burnham's Wednesday statement in the House of Commons that he will stick to the Good Friday Agreement one hundred percent. Meanwhile, more than 10,000 people marched through Dublin on Saturday to protest Trump's visit and US involvement in the Israel-Gaza conflict, with additional demonstrations held in Doonbeg near Trump's hotel.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Donald Trump visited Ireland for two days. He met with Taoiseach Micheál Martin at Farmleigh House in Phoenix Park on Saturday. Trump told Martin that a united Ireland would be a fantastic thing and would happen eventually. Trump said Martin was the right man to get it moving. Trump added that the United Kingdom would have something to say about it obviously. Earlier on Saturday, Trump had a courtesy call with Irish President Catherine Connolly at the Áras an Uachtaráin. Connolly raised the normalisation of war and genocide during their meeting. Trump also met with Tánaiste Simon Harris and Foreign Minister Helen McEntee at Dublin Airport. Then he travelled to County Clare for the Amgen Irish Open golf tournament. The comments on a united Ireland drew mixed reactions from local politicians. Sinn Féin leader Mary Lou McDonald said the onus is on the Taoiseach to begin planning a peaceful transition. S. D. L. P. leader Claire Hanna stated that when even Donald Trump has clocked that Irish unity is no longer distant, it shows how far the conversation has shifted. Unionist leaders rejected Trump and his remarks. D. U. P. leader Gavin Robinson said Northern Ireland constitutional future will be decided by its people, not by commentary in London or Dublin or Washington. U. U. P. leader Jon Burrows emphasized the principle of consent enshrined in the Belfast Agreement. T. U. V. leader Jim Allister criticized Trump for meddling in affairs that do not concern him. A spokesperson for Number Ten pointed to Prime Minister Andy Burnham and his Wednesday statement in the House of Commons. Burnham stated he will stick to the Good Friday Agreement one hundred percent. More than ten thousand people marched through Dublin on Saturday. They protested Trump and his visit and U. S. involvement in the Israel-Gaza conflict. Additional demonstrations were held in Doonbeg near the hotel where Trump stayed.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Donald Trump visited Ireland for two days. He met with Taoiseach Micheál Martin at Farmleigh House in Phoenix Park on Saturday. Trump told Martin that a united Ireland would be a fantastic thing and would happen eventually. Trump said Martin was the right man to get it moving. Trump added that the United Kingdom would have something to say about it obviously. Earlier on Saturday, Trump had a courtesy call with Irish President Catherine Connolly at the Áras an Uachtaráin. Connolly raised the normalisation of war and genocide during their meeting. Trump also met with Tánaiste Simon Harris and Foreign Minister Helen McEntee at Dublin Airport. Then he travelled to County Clare for the Amgen Irish Open golf tournament. The comments on a united Ireland drew mixed reactions from local politicians. Sinn Féin leader Mary Lou McDonald said the onus is on the Taoiseach to begin planning a peaceful transition. S. D. L. P. leader Claire Hanna stated that when even Donald Trump has clocked that Irish unity is no longer distant, it shows how far the conversation has shifted. Unionist leaders rejected Trump and his remarks. D. U. P. leader Gavin Robinson said Northern Ireland constitutional future will be decided by its people, not by commentary in London or Dublin or Washington. U. U. P. leader Jon Burrows emphasized the principle of consent enshrined in the Belfast Agreement. T. U. V. leader Jim Allister criticized Trump for meddling in affairs that do not concern him. A spokesperson for Number Ten pointed to Prime Minister Andy Burnham and his Wednesday statement in the House of Commons. Burnham stated he will stick to the Good Friday Agreement one hundred percent. More than ten thousand people marched through Dublin on Saturday. They protested Trump and his visit and U. S. involvement in the Israel-Gaza conflict. Additional demonstrations were held in Doonbeg near the hotel where Trump stayed.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: Northern Ireland constitutional future

