═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. The Nederlandsche Bank relocated over 10 billion euros in gold from North America to London.
2. The Dutch central bank moved 86,000 kilograms of gold to improve its crisis readiness.
3. The Dutch national gold reserve currently consists of 612.4 tonnes valued at 72.2 billion euros.
4. A total of more than 27 tonnes of gold was physically transferred to Zeist between March and August.
5. Another 59 tonnes of gold kept in New York was sold off and repurchased in London.
6. The Bank of England is regarded as providing the world's most easily tradable gold reserves.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

The Nederlandsche Bank announced on Wednesday it relocated the equivalent of over 10 billion euros in gold from facilities in the United States and Canada over concern for global tensions. The Dutch central bank moved 86,000 kilograms of gold to the Bank of England in London to make it easier to liquidate reserves should a crisis situation arise. The Dutch national gold reserve consists of 612.4 tonnes, valued at 72.2 billion euros at the end of last year. A total of more than 27 tonnes of gold was physically transferred from North America to the DNB Cash Centre in Zeist, Utrecht, between March and August. Another 59 tonnes of gold kept in New York was sold off during this time, while an equivalent amount was purchased in London. To maintain the spread without increasing the supply held in the Netherlands, 27 tonnes of gold was also transferred from Zeist to London. Approximately 78.39 tonnes of Dutch gold is no longer stored in New York, and 7.35 tonnes is no longer stored in Ottawa. The relocated gold had an estimated value of 10.11 billion euros at the end of 2025, and was valued at 10.34 billion euros as of 3 p.m. on Wednesday in the Netherlands. Roughly 32 percent of the total reserve is now stored in London, 31 percent is in Zeist, and approximately 18.5 percent remains in both New York and Ottawa. Due to increasing geopolitical instability, the DNB is working on improving its crisis readiness. The Bank of England is regarded as the world's most easily tradable gold and will therefore be the most readily available for DNB in a crisis situation, the central bank said.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

The Nederlandsche Bank relocated more than ten billion euros in gold from North America to Europe. The Dutch central bank moved eighty-six thousand kilograms of gold to the Bank of England in London. This move makes it easier to liquidate reserves if a crisis arises. The Dutch national gold reserve consists of six hundred twelve point four tonnes. The total reserve was valued at seventy-two point two billion euros at the end of last year. More than twenty-seven tonnes of gold was physically transferred from North America to the D. N. B. Cash Centre in Zeist, Utrecht, between March and August. Another fifty-nine tonnes of gold kept in New York was sold off during this time. An equivalent amount was purchased in London. To maintain the spread without increasing the supply held in the Netherlands, twenty-seven tonnes of gold was transferred from Zeist to London. Approximately seventy-eight point three nine tonnes of Dutch gold is no longer stored in New York. Seven point three five tonnes is no longer stored in Ottawa. The relocated gold had an estimated value of ten point one one billion euros at the end of twenty twenty-five. The gold was valued at ten point three four billion euros as of three p.m. on Wednesday in the Netherlands. Roughly thirty-two percent of the total reserve is now stored in London. Thirty-one percent is in Zeist. Approximately eighteen point five percent remains in both New York and Ottawa. Due to increasing geopolitical instability, the D. N. B. is working on improving its crisis readiness. The Bank of England is regarded as the world's most easily tradable gold. It will therefore be the most readily available for the D. N. B. in a crisis situation, the central bank said.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

The Nederlandsche Bank relocated more than ten billion euros in gold from North America to Europe. The Dutch central bank moved eighty-six thousand kilograms of gold to the Bank of England in London. This move makes it easier to liquidate reserves if a crisis arises. The Dutch national gold reserve consists of six hundred twelve point four tonnes. The total reserve was valued at seventy-two point two billion euros at the end of last year. More than twenty-seven tonnes of gold was physically transferred from North America to the D. N. B. Cash Centre in Zeist, Utrecht, between March and August. Another fifty-nine tonnes of gold kept in New York was sold off during this time. An equivalent amount was purchased in London. To maintain the spread without increasing the supply held in the Netherlands, twenty-seven tonnes of gold was transferred from Zeist to London. Approximately seventy-eight point three nine tonnes of Dutch gold is no longer stored in New York. Seven point three five tonnes is no longer stored in Ottawa. The relocated gold had an estimated value of ten point one one billion euros at the end of twenty twenty-five. The gold was valued at ten point three four billion euros as of three p.m. on Wednesday in the Netherlands. Roughly thirty-two percent of the total reserve is now stored in London. Thirty-one percent is in Zeist. Approximately eighteen point five percent remains in both New York and Ottawa. Due to increasing geopolitical instability, the D. N. B. is working on improving its crisis readiness. The Bank of England is regarded as the world's most easily tradable gold. It will therefore be the most readily available for the D. N. B. in a crisis situation, the central bank said.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: spelled-out decimals ("six hundred twelve point four", "seventy-two point two", "seventy-eight point three nine", "seven point three five", "ten point one one", "ten point three four", "eighteen point five"), spelled-out year ("twenty twenty-five"), acronym spelling ("D. N. B.")

