═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Iran accused the US of a war crime after a missile strike killed four people at a wedding.
2. The Iranian Red Crescent Society reported that shrapnel struck a home in Kuhestak, Sirik, on Tuesday.
3. The four victims were named as Zarkhatoon Taheri, Kolsum Mallahi Nazhdnia, Mohammad Mallahi, and Amirali Karimi.
4. A US Central Command spokesperson stated that the military "never targets civilians".
5. Ali Mallahi, father of the bride, said in a broadcast video that the incident happened during his daughter's wedding.
6. In retaliation, Iran launched missiles and drones at US targets in Jordan, Kuwait, Iraq, and Bahrain.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Iran has accused the United States of a war crime after a missile strike killed four people, including two children, at a family wedding celebration in southern Iran. The Iranian Red Crescent Society stated that missile shrapnel struck a home in the coastal town of Kuhestak, in Sirik, on Tuesday, injuring 67 others. The Hormozgan Governorate named the dead as 50-year-old Zarkhatoon Taheri, 43-year-old Kolsum Mallahi Nazhdnia, 16-year-old Mohammad Mallahi, and four-year-old Amirali Karimi. Ali Mallahi, the father of the bride and owner of the building, said in a state TV video that the tragedy occurred during his daughter's wedding ceremony in a residential building. A weapons expert told BBC Verify that footage from the scene appeared to show remnants of an AGM-84 Standoff Land Attack Missile, a cruise missile type used by the US. A US Central Command spokesperson stated that the military never targets civilians, adding that Centcom was aware of the reports. Iranian authorities reported another 14 deaths elsewhere from separate strikes. In response, the Iranian military and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps launched missiles and drones at US targets in Jordan, Kuwait, Iraq, Bahrain, and the United Arab Emirates. Most of the projectiles were intercepted, though Kuwait reported a drone caused a residential complex fire with no casualties, and Jordan engaged 13 ballistic missiles. Centcom said the initial US strikes on Iran followed recent attempted attacks by the IRGC against American forces and commercial shipping in the Strait of Hormuz.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Iran has accused the US of a war crime after officials said a missile strike killed four people including two children at a wedding celebration. The Iranian Red Crescent Society stated that missile shrapnel struck a home in the coastal town of Kuhestak, in Sirik, on Tuesday, injuring 67 others. The Hormozgan Governorate named the dead as 50-year-old Zarkhatoon Taheri, 43-year-old Kolsum Mallahi Nazhdnia, 16-year-old Mohammad Mallahi, and four-year-old Amirali Karimi. Ali Mallahi, the father of the bride and owner of the building, said in a state TV video that the tragedy occurred during his daughter's wedding ceremony in a residential building. A weapons expert told BBC Verify that footage from the scene appeared to show remnants of an AGM-84 Standoff Land Attack Missile, a cruise missile type known to be used by the US. A US Central Command spokesperson stated that the military never targets civilians, adding that Centcom was aware of the reports. Iranian authorities reported another 14 deaths elsewhere from separate strikes. In response, the Iranian military and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps launched missiles and drones at US targets in Jordan, Kuwait, Iraq, Bahrain, and the United Arab Emirates. Most of the projectiles were intercepted, though Kuwait reported a drone caused a residential complex fire with no casualties, and Jordan engaged 13 ballistic missiles. Centcom said the initial US strikes on Iran followed recent attempted attacks by the IRGC against American forces and commercial shipping in the Strait of Hormuz.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Iran has accused the United States of a war crime after a missile strike killed four people. The dead include two children at a wedding celebration. The Iranian Red Crescent Society stated that missile shrapnel struck a home. This happened on Tuesday in the coastal town of Kuhestak in Sirik. The strike also injured sixty-seven other people. The Hormozgan Governorate named the four dead victims. They are fifty-year-old, Zarkhatoon Taheri. They are also forty-three-year-old, Kolsum Mallahi Nazhdnia. The others are sixteen-year-old, Mohammad Mallahi and four-year-old, Amirali Karimi. Ali Mallahi is the father of the bride and the owner of the building. He said in a state television video that the tragedy happened during his daughter wedding ceremony. A weapons expert spoke to B. B. C. Verify. The expert said footage from the scene showed remnants of a cruise missile. It was an A. G. M. dash eighty-four Standoff Land Attack Missile. This type of cruise missile is known to be used by the United States. A United States Central Command spokesperson made a statement. The spokesperson said the military never targets civilians. They added that Centcom was aware of the reports. Centcom is short for Central Command. Iranian authorities reported another fourteen deaths elsewhere from separate strikes. In response, the Iranian military and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps launched missiles and drones. They targeted United States positions in Jordan, Kuwait, Iraq, Bahrain, and the United Arab Emirates. Most of the projectiles were intercepted. However, Kuwait reported that a drone caused a fire at a residential complex with no casualties. Jordan engaged thirteen ballistic missiles. Centcom said the initial United States strikes on Iran followed recent attacks. These were attempted attacks by the I. R. G. C. against American forces and commercial shipping in the Strait of Hormuz.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Iran has accused the United States of a war crime after a missile strike killed four people. The dead include two children at a wedding celebration. The Iranian Red Crescent Society stated that missile shrapnel struck a home. This happened on Tuesday in the coastal town of Kuhestak in Sirik. The strike also injured sixty-seven other people. The Hormozgan Governorate named the four dead victims. They are fifty-year-old, Zarkhatoon Taheri. They are also forty-three-year-old, Kolsum Mallahi Nazhdnia. The others are sixteen-year-old, Mohammad Mallahi and four-year-old, Amirali Karimi. Ali Mallahi is the father of the bride and the owner of the building. He said in a state television video that the tragedy happened during his daughter wedding ceremony. A weapons expert spoke to B. B. C. Verify. The expert said footage from the scene showed remnants of a cruise missile. It was an A. G. M. dash eighty-four Standoff Land Attack Missile. This type of cruise missile is known to be used by the United States. A United States Central Command spokesperson made a statement. The spokesperson said the military never targets civilians. They added that Centcom was aware of the reports. Centcom is short for Central Command. Iranian authorities reported another fourteen deaths elsewhere from separate strikes. In response, the Iranian military and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps launched missiles and drones. They targeted United States positions in Jordan, Kuwait, Iraq, Bahrain, and the United Arab Emirates. Most of the projectiles were intercepted. However, Kuwait reported that a drone caused a fire at a residential complex with no casualties. Jordan engaged thirteen ballistic missiles. Centcom said the initial United States strikes on Iran followed recent attacks. These were attempted attacks by the I. R. G. C. against American forces and commercial shipping in the Strait of Hormuz.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: B. B. C., A. G. M. dash eighty-four, I. R. G. C.

