═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Two Palestinian teenagers were killed by Israeli forces during a raid in al-Mughayyir on Wednesday.
2. The victims were identified by the Wafa news agency as 19-year-olds Mohammad Na’ssan and Khalil Abu Aliya.
3. Israeli soldiers opened fire on residents who tried to confront the raiding settlers, critically wounding the two men.
4. At least 79 Palestinians have been killed in the occupied West Bank by settlers or Israeli forces in 2026.
5. Surging settler violence has roiled Israel's allies and prompted the European Union to weigh a ban on settler goods.
6. United Nations official Dr Ramiz Alakbarov stated that settler attacks have continued with virtually no accountability.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Two Palestinian teenagers, 19-year-old Mohammad Na’ssan and 19-year-old Khalil Abu Aliya, were killed during a raid by settlers and Israeli forces in the occupied West Bank village of al-Mughayyir on Wednesday. According to the head of the village council cited by the Palestinian Wafa news agency, Israeli soldiers opened fire on residents who attempted to confront the settlers, critically wounding the two young men who later died. Village sources told Al Jazeera that snipers had taken positions on rooftops ahead of the killings. The village has experienced repeated attacks in recent months, with settler violence largely targeting the area's only access road. According to the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, at least 79 Palestinians, including 19 children, have been killed in the occupied West Bank by settlers or Israeli forces since the beginning of 2026, with at least 1,870 others wounded. The surging violence has roiled Israel's allies and prompted international scrutiny. In late August, United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Process ad interim Dr. Ramiz Alakbarov stated that settler attacks have continued with virtually no accountability. The European Union is currently weighing a ban on settler-made goods, and a three-week settler siege of a Palestinian home in Qusra last month drew a rare rebuke from United States ambassador to Israel Mike Huckabee.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Two Palestinian teenagers, 19-year-old Mohammad Na’ssan and 19-year-old Khalil Abu Aliya, were killed during a raid by settlers and Israeli forces in the occupied West Bank village of al-Mughayyir on Wednesday. According to the head of the village council cited by the Palestinian Wafa news agency, Israeli soldiers opened fire on residents who attempted to confront the settlers, critically wounding the two young men who later died. Village sources told Al Jazeera that snipers had taken positions on rooftops ahead of the killings. The village has experienced repeated attacks in recent months, with settler violence largely targeting the area's only access road. According to the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, at least 79 Palestinians, including 19 children, have been killed in the occupied West Bank by settlers or Israeli forces since the beginning of 2026, with at least 1,870 others wounded. The surging violence has roiled Israel's allies and prompted international scrutiny. In late August, United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Process ad interim Dr. Ramiz Alakbarov stated that settler attacks have continued with virtually no accountability. Last month, a three-week settler siege of a Palestinian home in Qusra prompted a rare rebuke from United States ambassador to Israel Mike Huckabee, while the European Union has similarly been weighing a ban on settler-made goods.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

Two Palestinian teenagers, 19-year-old Mohammad Na’ssan and 19-year-old Khalil Abu Aliya, were killed during a raid by settlers and Israeli forces in the occupied West Bank village of al-Mughayyir on Wednesday. According to the head of the village council cited by the Palestinian Wafa news agency, Israeli soldiers opened fire on residents who attempted to confront the settlers, critically wounding the two young men who later died. Village sources told Al Jazeera that snipers had taken positions on rooftops ahead of the killings. The village has experienced repeated attacks in recent months, with settler violence largely targeting the area's only access road. According to the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, at least 79 Palestinians, including 19 children, have been killed in the occupied West Bank by settlers or Israeli forces since the beginning of 2026, with at least 1,870 others wounded. The surging violence has roiled Israel's allies and prompted international scrutiny. In late August, United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Process ad interim Dr. Ramiz Alakbarov stated that settler attacks have continued with virtually no accountability.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Two Palestinian teenagers were killed during a raid by settlers and Israeli forces in the occupied West Bank village of al-Mughayyir on Wednesday. The victims were nineteen-year-old Mohammad Na-ssan and nineteen-year-old Khalil Abu Aliya. Israeli soldiers opened fire on residents who attempted to confront the settlers. That is according to the head of the village council cited by the Palestinian Wafa news agency. The shooting critically wounded the two young men who later died. Village sources told Al Jazeera that snipers had taken positions on rooftops ahead of the killings. The village has experienced repeated attacks in recent months. Settler violence has largely targeted the area's only access road. The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs provided broader figures. At least seventy-nine Palestinians have been killed in the occupied West Bank by settlers or Israeli forces since the beginning of twenty twenty-six. That total includes nineteen children. At least one thousand eight hundred seventy others have been wounded. The surging violence has roiled the allies of Israel and prompted international scrutiny. In late August, United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Process ad interim , Dr. Ramiz Alakbarov stated that settler attacks have continued with virtually no accountability.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Two Palestinian teenagers were killed during a raid by settlers and Israeli forces in the occupied West Bank village of al-Mughayyir on Wednesday. The victims were nineteen-year-old Mohammad Na-ssan and nineteen-year-old Khalil Abu Aliya. Israeli soldiers opened fire on residents who attempted to confront the settlers. That is according to the head of the village council cited by the Palestinian Wafa news agency. The shooting critically wounded the two young men who later died. Village sources told Al Jazeera that snipers had taken positions on rooftops ahead of the killings. The village has experienced repeated attacks in recent months. Settler violence has largely targeted the area's only access road. The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs provided broader figures. At least seventy-nine Palestinians have been killed in the occupied West Bank by settlers or Israeli forces since the beginning of twenty twenty-six. That total includes nineteen children. At least one thousand eight hundred seventy others have been wounded. The surging violence has roiled the allies of Israel and prompted international scrutiny. In late August, United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Process ad interim, Doctor Ramiz Alakbarov stated that settler attacks have continued with virtually no accountability.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: Mohammad Na-ssan

