═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Hundreds of masked anti-migrant protesters blocked traffic at England's port of Dover on Saturday.
2. The demonstration halted ferry traffic between France and the UK for several hours before normal traffic resumed.
3. Crossings dropped 40 percent between January and August 2026 compared to the previous year.
4. The perceived threat of migrant boats has become a rallying cry for the far-right Reform UK party.
5. A spokesman for Prime Minister Andy Burnham stated they condemn the behavior in Dover and the travel disruption.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Hundreds of masked people blocked traffic at England's port of Dover on Saturday as part of an anti-migrant protest, halting ferry traffic between France and the UK. Video footage showed demonstrators in balaclavas chanting stop the boats, referring to refugees and migrants attempting the English channel crossing to reach Great Britain. The demonstration occurred despite crossings dropping 40% between January and August 2026 compared to the previous year. However, the perceived threat of migrant boats has become a rallying cry for the far-right Reform UK party. Police stated they were engaging with protesters and that normal traffic resumed at the port after several hours. A spokesman for the government of Prime Minister Andy Burnham condemned the incident, saying, the right to peaceful protest is fundamental to our democracy, but we condemn the behavior in Dover and the travel disruption it has caused. Under Burnham and his predecessor Keir Starmer, migrant crossings have been greatly reduced, in part due to closer cooperation with French authorities. Dover is the UK's biggest international ferry port, handling about 15,000 passengers a day during the summer and welcoming more than a third of the UK's trade goods with the European Union.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Hundreds of masked people blocked traffic at England's port of Dover on Saturday. This was part of an anti-migrant protest that halted ferry traffic between France and the United Kingdom. Video footage showed demonstrators in balaclavas chanting stop the boats. They were referring to refugees and migrants attempting the English channel crossing to reach Great Britain. The demonstration occurred despite crossings dropping forty percent between January and August of twenty twenty-six compared to the previous year. However, the perceived threat of migrant boats has become a rallying cry for the far-right Reform U. K. party. Police stated they were engaging with protesters. Normal traffic resumed at the port after several hours. A spokesman for the government of Prime Minister Andy Burnham condemned the incident. He said the right to peaceful protest is fundamental to our democracy, but we condemn the behavior in Dover and the travel disruption it has caused. Under Burnham and his predecessor Keir Starmer, migrant crossings have been greatly reduced. This was in part due to closer cooperation with French authorities. Dover is the U. K.'s biggest international ferry port. It handles about fifteen thousand passengers a day during the summer. It also welcomes more than a third of the U. K.'s trade goods with the European Union.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Hundreds of masked people blocked traffic at England's port of Dover on Saturday. This was part of an anti-migrant protest that halted ferry traffic between France and the United Kingdom. Video footage showed demonstrators in balaclavas chanting stop the boats. They were referring to refugees and migrants attempting the English channel crossing to reach Great Britain. The demonstration occurred despite crossings dropping forty percent between January and August of twenty twenty-six compared to the previous year. However, the perceived threat of migrant boats has become a rallying cry for the far-right Reform U. K. party. Police stated they were engaging with protesters. Normal traffic resumed at the port after several hours. A spokesman for the government of Prime Minister Andy Burnham condemned the incident. He said the right to peaceful protest is fundamental to our democracy, but we condemn the behavior in Dover and the travel disruption it has caused. Under Burnham and his predecessor Keir Starmer, migrant crossings have been greatly reduced. This was in part due to closer cooperation with French authorities. Dover is the U. K.'s biggest international ferry port. It handles about fifteen thousand passengers a day during the summer. It also welcomes more than a third of the U. K.'s trade goods with the European Union.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: unspoken/unspaced acronyms

