═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Arsenal hosts Chelsea at Emirates Stadium in London on Sunday, August 6, at 2pm.
2. Both Arsenal and Chelsea have taken six points from their opening two matches this season.
3. Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta expressed joy about facing his longtime friend Xabi Alonso in the Premier League.
4. Enzo Fernandez left Chelsea to join Manchester City in a British record-equalling 125-million-pound deal.
5. Opta supercomputer gives Arsenal a 56 percent chance of victory while offering Chelsea a 21 percent chance.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Defending Premier League champions Arsenal host Chelsea at Emirates Stadium on Sunday, August 6, at 2pm local time, marking the first time managers Mikel Arteta and Xabi Alonso will face each other in England's top flight. Both 44-year-old Spanish bosses grew up together in Spain's Basque Country and head into the fixture with identical 100 percent starts, each taking six points from their opening two matches. Speaking to reporters on Friday, Arteta said, "To be facing each other at such a level and with the responsibility we have managing some of the top clubs in the country is a really beautiful thing to experience."

Chelsea arrives following a turbulent end to the transfer window that saw midfielder Enzo Fernandez depart for Manchester City in a British record-equalling 125 million pound, or 169 million dollar, deal. Alonso urged his club to move forward after a planned replacement, Lamine Camara from Monaco, fell through before the deadline. Chelsea will also make a late fitness check on midfielder Moises Caicedo, who picked up a knock against Brighton, while Jordan Henderson and Marco Palestra are confirmed absentees. 

Arsenal enters the 216th meeting between the two clubs with some squad uncertainty. Cristhian Mosquera and Bruno Guimaraes missed training on Thursday and are doubts, with Mosquera and Declan Rice both carrying knocks from their previous match. Jurrien Timber has returned to training following a groin injury, but William Saliba remains sidelined with a back problem. 

Historically, Arsenal has won 87 of the previous encounters, while Chelsea has claimed 66 victories. Ahead of Sunday's match, the Opta supercomputer gives Arsenal a 56 percent chance of winning, compared to 21 percent for Chelsea.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Defending Premier League champions Arsenal host Chelsea at Emirates Stadium on Sunday at 2pm, marking the first time managers Mikel Arteta and Xabi Alonso will face each other in England's top flight. Both 44-year-old bosses grew up together in Spain's Basque Country and head into the fixture with identical starts, each taking six points from their opening two matches. Speaking to reporters on Friday, Arteta said, "To be facing each other at such a level and with the responsibility we have managing some of the top clubs in the country is a really beautiful thing to experience."

Chelsea arrives following a transfer window that saw midfielder Enzo Fernandez depart for Manchester City in a British record-equalling 125-million-pound ($169m) deal. Alonso urged everyone to move forward after a planned replacement, Lamine Camara from Monaco, fell through before the deadline. Chelsea will also make a late check on midfielder Moises Caicedo, who went off during the closing stages against Brighton, while Jordan Henderson and Marco Palestra are confirmed absentees. 

Arsenal enters the 216th meeting between the two clubs with some squad uncertainty. Cristhian Mosquera and Bruno Guimaraes missed training on Thursday and are doubts, with Mosquera and Declan Rice both forced off with knocks in the Gunners' last match. Jurrien Timber has returned to training following a groin injury, but William Saliba remains sidelined with a back problem. 

Historically, Arsenal has won 87 of the previous encounters, while Chelsea has claimed 66 victories. Ahead of Sunday's match, the Opta supercomputer gives Arsenal a 56 percent chance of victory, compared to 21 percent for Chelsea.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

Both 44-year-old bosses grew up together in Spain's Basque Country and head into the fixture with identical starts, each taking six points from their opening two matches. Alonso urged everyone to move forward after a planned replacement, Lamine Camara from Monaco, fell through before the deadline. Chelsea will also make a late check on midfielder Moises Caicedo, who went off during the closing stages against Brighton, while Jordan Henderson and Marco Palestra are confirmed absentees. Arsenal enters the 216th meeting between the two clubs with some squad uncertainty. Cristhian Mosquera and Bruno Guimaraes missed training on Thursday and are doubts, with Mosquera and Declan Rice both forced off with knocks in the Gunners' last match. Jurrien Timber has returned to training following a groin injury, but William Saliba remains sidelined with a back problem. Ahead of Sunday's match, the Opta supercomputer gives Arsenal a 56 percent chance of victory, compared to 21 percent for Chelsea.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

40% covered (2/5). Missing: Arsenal hosts Chelsea at Emirates Stadium in London on Sunday, August 6, at 2pm.; Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta expressed joy about facing his longtime friend Xabi Alonso in the Premier League.; Enzo Fernandez left Chelsea to join Manchester City in a British record-equalling 125-million-pound deal.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

Arsenal hosts Chelsea at Emirates Stadium in London on Sunday, August 6, at 2pm. Both 44-year-old bosses grew up together in Spain's Basque Country and head into the fixture with identical starts, each taking six points from their opening two matches. Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta expressed joy about facing his longtime friend Xabi Alonso in the Premier League. Enzo Fernandez left Chelsea to join Manchester City in a British record-equalling 125-million-pound deal, and Alonso urged everyone to move forward after a planned replacement, Lamine Camara from Monaco, fell through before the deadline. Chelsea will also make a late check on midfielder Moises Caicedo, who went off during the closing stages against Brighton, while Jordan Henderson and Marco Palestra are confirmed absentees. Arsenal enters the 216th meeting between the two clubs with some squad uncertainty. Cristhian Mosquera and Bruno Guimaraes missed training on Thursday and are doubts, with Mosquera and Declan Rice both forced off with knocks in the Gunners' last match. Jurrien Timber has returned to training following a groin injury, but William Saliba remains sidelined with a back problem. Ahead of Sunday's match, the Opta supercomputer gives Arsenal a 56 percent chance of victory, compared to 21 percent for Chelsea.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Arsenal hosts Chelsea at Emirates Stadium in London on Sunday, August sixth, at two in the afternoon. Both forty-four-year-old bosses grew up together in Spain and head into the fixture with identical starts. Each manager has taken six points from their opening two matches. Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta expressed joy about facing his longtime friend, Xabi Alonso, in the Premier League. 

Enzo Fernandez left Chelsea to join Manchester City in a British record-equalling one hundred twenty-five million pound deal. Alonso urged everyone to move forward after a planned replacement fell through before the deadline. That replacement was Lamine Camara from Monaco. 

Chelsea will also make a late check on midfielder Moises Caicedo, who went off during the closing stages against Brighton. Jordan Henderson and Marco Palestra are confirmed absentees for the team. Arsenal enters the two hundred sixteenth meeting between the two clubs with some squad uncertainty. 

Cristhian Mosquera and Bruno Guimaraes missed training on Thursday and are doubts for the game. Mosquera and Declan Rice were both forced off with knocks in the Gunners last match. Jurrien Timber has returned to training following a groin injury, but William Saliba remains sidelined with a back problem. 

Ahead of Sunday's match, the Opta supercomputer gives Arsenal a fifty-six percent chance of victory. It gives Chelsea a twenty-one percent chance to win.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Arsenal hosts Chelsea at Emirates Stadium in London on Sunday, August sixth, at two in the afternoon. Both forty-four-year-old bosses grew up together in Spain and head into the fixture with identical starts. Each manager has taken six points from their opening two matches. Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta expressed joy about facing his longtime friend, Xabi Alonso, in the Premier League.

Enzo Fernandez left Chelsea to join Manchester City in a British record-equalling one hundred twenty-five million pound deal. Alonso urged everyone to move forward after a planned replacement fell through before the deadline. That replacement was Lamine Camara from Monaco.

Chelsea will also make a late check on midfielder Moises Caicedo, who went off during the closing stages against Brighton. Jordan Henderson and Marco Palestra are confirmed absentees for the team. Arsenal enters the two hundred sixteenth meeting between the two clubs with some squad uncertainty.

Cristhian Mosquera and Bruno Guimaraes missed training on Thursday and are doubts for the game. Mosquera and Declan Rice were both forced off with knocks in the Gunners last match. Jurrien Timber has returned to training following a groin injury, but William Saliba remains sidelined with a back problem.

Ahead of Sunday's match, the Opta supercomputer gives Arsenal a fifty-six percent chance of victory. It gives Chelsea a twenty-one percent chance to win.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: Gunners last match

