═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. US President Donald Trump's top negotiators Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner met Vladimir Putin in Moscow.
2. The Kremlin released footage showing Putin greeting Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner in Moscow.
3. Steve Witkoff thanked Putin for agreeing with Ukraine to halt strikes on capitals for three days.
4. On Sunday the US envoys will travel to Kyiv for their first official talks in Ukraine.
5. President Vladimir Putin ordered a three-day halt to strikes on Kyiv because of the US visit.
6. Donald Trump stated that his envoys were bringing with them a proposal to end the war.
7. Putin stated that the current situation is not so easy and Russia would explain its perspective.
8. Putin remarked that in any case whatever happens such contacts are undoubtedly always useful.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

US President Donald Trump's top negotiators, Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner, have met Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow for three-hour talks at his official residence. The meeting comes as efforts to end the war in Ukraine gather pace, with Trump stating on Friday that the envoys are bringing a proposal to end the conflict. During the Kremlin meeting, Putin stated that the current situation is not so easy and that Russia would explain how it sees the situation, while adding that such contacts are undoubtedly always useful. Putin thanked Trump for his peacemaking efforts and ordered a three-day halt to strikes on Kyiv coinciding with the US visit. Witkoff thanked Putin for agreeing to halt strikes on each other's capitals for three days, a ceasefire matched by Ukraine. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said Ukraine is ready to refrain from strikes on Moscow from Saturday through Monday and expects the same from Russia. Zelensky confirmed he spoke to the envoys on Saturday and that the plan for Sunday's diplomatic engagements in Kyiv has been approved. The trip marks Kushner and Witkoff's first visit to Ukraine, though it remains unclear how they will travel there given that Ukraine's airspace has been closed since Russia's full-scale invasion in February 2022. Ahead of the meetings, Zelensky accused Russia of launching demonstrative overnight strikes on airports in Kyiv and Boryspil in reaction to preparations for a potential US aircraft landing, and reported that an overnight Russian strike on a civilian building in the Dnipro region killed four people and injured five others.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

US President Donald Trump's top negotiators, Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner, have met Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow for three-hour talks at his official residence. The meeting comes as efforts to end the war in Ukraine gather pace, with Trump stating on Friday that the envoys are bringing a proposal to end the conflict. During the Kremlin meeting, Putin stated that the current situation is not so easy and that Russia would explain how it sees the situation, while adding that such contacts are undoubtedly always useful. Putin thanked Trump for his peacemaking efforts and ordered a three-day halt to strikes on Kyiv coinciding with the US visit. Witkoff thanked Putin for agreeing with Ukraine to halt strikes on each other's capitals for three days. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said earlier on Saturday that from now through the end of Saturday, as well as on Sunday and Monday, Ukraine is ready to refrain from strikes on Moscow, and expects the Russians to do the same regarding Kyiv. Zelensky confirmed he spoke to the envoys and that the plan for Sunday's diplomatic engagements in Kyiv has been approved. The trip marks Kushner and Witkoff's first visit to Ukraine, though it remains unclear how they will travel there given that Ukraine's airspace has been closed since Russia's full-scale invasion in February 2022. Ahead of the meetings, Zelensky accused Russia of launching demonstrative overnight strikes on airports in Kyiv and Boryspil in reaction to preparations for a potential US aircraft landing, and reported that an overnight Russian strike on a civilian building in the Dnipro region killed four people and injured five others.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

US President Donald Trump's top negotiators, Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner, have met Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow for three-hour talks at his official residence. The meeting comes as efforts to end the war in Ukraine gather pace, with Trump stating on Friday that the envoys are bringing a proposal to end the conflict. During the Kremlin meeting, Putin stated that the current situation is not so easy and that Russia would explain how it sees the situation, while adding that such contacts are undoubtedly always useful. Putin thanked Trump for his peacemaking efforts and ordered a three-day halt to strikes on Kyiv coinciding with the US visit. Witkoff thanked Putin for agreeing with Ukraine to halt strikes on each other's capitals for three days. Zelensky confirmed he spoke to the envoys and that the plan for Sunday's diplomatic engagements in Kyiv has been approved. The trip marks Kushner and Witkoff's first visit to Ukraine, though it remains unclear how they will travel there given that Ukraine's airspace has been closed since Russia's full-scale invasion in February 2022. Ahead of the meetings, Zelensky accused Russia of launching demonstrative overnight strikes on airports in Kyiv and Boryspil in reaction to preparations for a potential US aircraft landing, and reported that an overnight Russian strike on a civilian building in the Dnipro region killed four people and injured five others.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

87% covered (7/8). Missing: President Vladimir Putin ordered a three-day halt to strikes on Kyiv because of the US visit.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

United States President Donald Trump sent his top negotiators Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner to Moscow. They met Russian President Vladimir Putin at his official residence for three hours of talks. This meeting happens as efforts to end the war in Ukraine gather pace. President Trump stated on Friday that his envoys are bringing a proposal to end the conflict. During the Kremlin meeting President Putin stated that the current situation is not so easy. He said Russia would explain how it sees the situation while adding that such contacts are undoubtedly always useful. President Putin thanked President Trump for his peacemaking efforts. He also ordered a three day halt to strikes on Kyiv to coincide with the United States visit. Negotiator Witkoff thanked President Putin for agreeing with Ukraine to halt strikes on each other capitals for three days. Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky confirmed he spoke to the envoys. He stated that the plan for Sunday diplomatic engagements in Kyiv has been approved. This trip marks the first visit to Ukraine for Kushner and Witkoff. It remains unclear how they will travel there because Ukraine airspace has been closed since the full scale Russian invasion in February twenty twenty-two. Ahead of the meetings President Zelensky accused Russia of launching demonstrative overnight strikes on airports in Kyiv and Boryspil. He said this was a reaction to preparations for a potential United States aircraft landing. He also reported that an overnight Russian strike on a civilian building in the Dnipro region killed four people and injured five others.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

United States President Donald Trump sent his top negotiators Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner to Moscow. They met Russian President Vladimir Putin at his official residence for three hours of talks. This meeting happens as efforts to end the war in Ukraine gather pace. President Trump stated on Friday that his envoys are bringing a proposal to end the conflict. During the Kremlin meeting President Putin stated that the current situation is not so easy. He said Russia would explain how it sees the situation while adding that such contacts are undoubtedly always useful. President Putin thanked President Trump for his peacemaking efforts. He also ordered a three day halt to strikes on Kyiv to coincide with the United States visit. Negotiator Witkoff thanked President Putin for agreeing with Ukraine to halt strikes on each other capitals for three days. Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky confirmed he spoke to the envoys. He stated that the plan for Sunday diplomatic engagements in Kyiv has been approved. This trip marks the first visit to Ukraine for Kushner and Witkoff. It remains unclear how they will travel there because Ukraine airspace has been closed since the full scale Russian invasion in February twenty twenty-two. Ahead of the meetings President Zelensky accused Russia of launching demonstrative overnight strikes on airports in Kyiv and Boryspil. He said this was a reaction to preparations for a potential United States aircraft landing. He also reported that an overnight Russian strike on a civilian building in the Dnipro region killed four people and injured five others.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

87% covered (7/8). Missing: The Kremlin released footage showing Putin greeting Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner in Moscow.

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

