═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Startup XDOF is in late-stage talks for a Series B funding round at a valuation of about $1.2 billion.
2. The new investment round is being led by venture capital firm 8VC.
3. XDOF was co-founded in 2024 by UC Berkeley researchers Philipp Wu as CEO and Fred Shentu as CTO.
4. The startup's rapid growth features annualized revenue approaching $50 million.
5. In June, TechCrunch reported on XDOF securing a $70 million Series A funding round.
6. XDOF collects real-world teleoperation data to help overcome the critical bottleneck of training general-purpose robots.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Just three months after emerging from stealth, robot training data startup XDOF is in late-stage talks to raise a Series B funding round at a valuation of about $1.2 billion, led by 8VC. Founded in 2024 by UC Berkeley researchers Philipp Wu, who serves as CEO, and CTO Fred Shentu, the company was not planning to raise capital so soon following its $70 million Series A announced in June, which included participation from Thrive Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, Lux, and Spark Capital. However, rapid growth with annualized revenue approaching $50 million prompted venture capitalists to approach the company about a new round. Terms of the current deal are not final and could still change, and the total capital being raised is not yet known. XDOF and 8VC did not respond to requests for comment. 

XDOF builds data pipelines, collection tools, and annotation systems, acting as an outsourced data-supply chain for frontier AI labs and robotics companies. The startup originated from research by Wu and Shentu on a low-cost teleoperation system called GELLO, which allows human operators to control robotic arms remotely to generate training data. To capture data, XDOF combines remote teleoperation with human collectors who wear sensors to record everyday tasks like folding clothes and flattening boxes, and the company plans to hire and train global teams of data collectors. The startup is currently partnering with UC Berkeley's AI Research lab to release ABC, which it believes is the largest collection of high-quality robot training data ever assembled, and is already working with 20 customers, including several frontier AI labs.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Less than three months after emerging from stealth, robot training data startup XDOF is in late-stage talks to raise a Series B at a valuation of about $1.2 billion led by 8VC. Founded in 2024 by UC Berkeley researchers Philipp Wu, who serves as CEO, and CTO Fred Shentu, the company wasn't planning to raise again so soon following its $70 million Series A reported in June with participation from Thrive Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, Lux, and Spark Capital. However, rapid growth with annualized revenue approaching $50 million prompted VCs to approach the company about a new round. Terms of the current deal are not final and could still change, and the total capital being raised is not yet known. XDOF and 8VC did not respond to requests for comment. 

XDOF builds data pipelines, collection tools, and annotation systems, acting as an outsourced data-supply chain for frontier AI labs and robotics companies. The startup originated from research by Wu and Shentu on a low-cost teleoperation system called GELLO, which allows human operators to control robotic arms remotely to generate training data. To capture data, XDOF combines remote teleoperation with human collectors who wear sensors to record everyday tasks like folding clothes and flattening boxes, and the company plans to hire and train global teams of data collectors. The startup is currently partnering with UC Berkeley's AI Research lab to release ABC, which it believes is the largest collection of high-quality robot training data ever assembled, and is already working with 20 customers, including several frontier AI labs.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

Less than three months after emerging from stealth, robot training data startup XDOF is in late-stage talks to raise a Series B at a valuation of about $1.2 billion led by 8VC. However, rapid growth with annualized revenue approaching $50 million prompted VCs to approach the company about a new round. Terms of the current deal are not final and could still change, and the total capital being raised is not yet known. XDOF and 8VC did not respond to requests for comment. XDOF builds data pipelines, collection tools, and annotation systems, acting as an outsourced data-supply chain for frontier AI labs and robotics companies. The startup originated from research by Wu and Shentu on a low-cost teleoperation system called GELLO, which allows human operators to control robotic arms remotely to generate training data. To capture data, XDOF combines remote teleoperation with human collectors who wear sensors to record everyday tasks like folding clothes and flattening boxes, and the company plans to hire and train global teams of data collectors. The startup is currently partnering with UC Berkeley's AI Research lab to release ABC, which it believes is the largest collection of high-quality robot training data ever assembled, and is already working with 20 customers, including several frontier AI labs.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

66% covered (4/6). Missing: XDOF was co-founded in 2024 by UC Berkeley researchers Philipp Wu as CEO and Fred Shentu as CTO.; In June, TechCrunch reported on XDOF securing a $70 million Series A funding round.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

Less than three months after emerging from stealth, robot training data startup XDOF, co-founded in 2024 by UC Berkeley researchers Philipp Wu as CEO and Fred Shentu as CTO, is in late-stage talks to raise a Series B at a valuation of about $1.2 billion led by 8VC. In June, TechCrunch reported on XDOF securing a $70 million Series A funding round. However, rapid growth with annualized revenue approaching $50 million prompted VCs to approach the company about a new round. Terms of the current deal are not final and could still change, and the total capital being raised is not yet known. XDOF and 8VC did not respond to requests for comment. XDOF builds data pipelines, collection tools, and annotation systems, acting as an outsourced data-supply chain for frontier AI labs and robotics companies. The startup originated from research by Wu and Shentu on a low-cost teleoperation system called GELLO, which allows human operators to control robotic arms remotely to generate training data. To capture data, XDOF combines remote teleoperation with human collectors who wear sensors to record everyday tasks like folding clothes and flattening boxes, and the company plans to hire and train global teams of data collectors. The startup is currently partnering with UC Berkeley's AI Research lab to release ABC, which it believes is the largest collection of high-quality robot training data ever assembled, and is already working with 20 customers, including several frontier AI labs.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Robot training data startup X. D. O. F., co-founded in twenty twenty-four by U. C. Berkeley researchers, Philipp Wu as chief executive officer, and Fred Shentu as chief technology officer, is in late-stage talks to raise a series B round. The valuation is about one point two billion dollars, and eight V. C. is leading the deal. Less than three months have passed since the company emerged from stealth. TechCrunch reported in June that X. D. O. F. secured a seventy million dollar series A funding round. Rapid growth with annualized revenue approaching fifty million dollars prompted venture capitalists to approach the company about a new round. Terms of the current deal are not final and could still change. The total capital being raised is not yet known. X. D. O. F. and eight V. C. did not respond to requests for comment. X. D. O. F. builds data pipelines, collection tools, and annotation systems. It acts as an outsourced data-supply chain for frontier artificial intelligence labs and robotics companies. The startup originated from research by Wu and Shentu on a low-cost teleoperation system called GELLO. This system allows human operators to control robotic arms remotely to generate training data. To capture data, X. D. O. F. combines remote teleoperation with human collectors who wear sensors to record everyday tasks like folding clothes and flattening boxes. The company plans to hire and train global teams of data collectors. The startup is currently partnering with U. C. Berkeley's artificial intelligence research lab to release ABC. The company believes this is the largest collection of high-quality robot training data ever assembled. X. D. O. F. is already working with twenty customers, including several frontier artificial intelligence labs.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Robot training data startup X. D. O. F., co-founded in twenty twenty-four by U. C. Berkeley researchers, Philipp Wu as chief executive officer, and Fred Shentu as chief technology officer, is in late-stage talks to raise a series B round. The valuation is about one point two billion dollars, and eight V. C. is leading the deal. Less than three months have passed since the company emerged from stealth. TechCrunch reported in June that X. D. O. F. secured a seventy million dollar series A funding round. Rapid growth with annualized revenue approaching fifty million dollars prompted venture capitalists to approach the company about a new round. Terms of the current deal are not final and could still change. The total capital being raised is not yet known. X. D. O. F. and eight V. C. did not respond to requests for comment. X. D. O. F. builds data pipelines, collection tools, and annotation systems. It acts as an outsourced data-supply chain for frontier artificial intelligence labs and robotics companies. The startup originated from research by Wu and Shentu on a low-cost teleoperation system called GELLO. This system allows human operators to control robotic arms remotely to generate training data. To capture data, X. D. O. F. combines remote teleoperation with human collectors who wear sensors to record everyday tasks like folding clothes and flattening boxes. The company plans to hire and train global teams of data collectors. The startup is currently partnering with U. C. Berkeley's artificial intelligence research lab to release ABC. The company believes this is the largest collection of high-quality robot training data ever assembled. X. D. O. F. is already working with twenty customers, including several frontier artificial intelligence labs.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

SKIPPED: 429 RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED. {'error': {'code': 429, 'message': 'You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, head to: https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/rate-limits. To monitor your current usage, head to: https://ai.dev/rate-limit. \n* Quota exceeded for metric: generativelanguage.googleapis.com/generate_content_free_tier_requests, limit: 15, model: gemini-3.5-flash-lite\nPlease retry in 46.697340304s.', 'status': 'RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED', 'details': [{'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.Help', 'links': [{'description': 'Learn more about Gemini API quotas', 'url': 'https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/rate-limits'}]}, {'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.QuotaFailure', 'violations': [{'quotaMetric': 'generativelanguage.googleapis.com/generate_content_free_tier_requests', 'quotaId': 'GenerateRequestsPerMinutePerProjectPerModel-FreeTier', 'quotaDimensions': {'location': 'global', 'model': 'gemini-3.5-flash-lite'}, 'quotaValue': '15'}]}, {'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.RetryInfo', 'retryDelay': '46s'}]}}

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: eight V. C.

