═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Babies born to mothers with anaemia have a total brain volume that is four percent lower.
2. Researchers from King's College London and the University of Cape Town followed more than 300 mothers and babies.
3. Differences were specifically recorded in the putamen, caudate nucleus, and corpus callosum regions of the brain.
4. The brain volume gap between the groups of babies widened from four percent at 12 months to six percent at 24 months.
5. First author Jessica Ringshaw stated that these brain differences are still there when children are six years old and going to school.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Babies born to mothers with mild anaemia have lower total brain volume and smaller brains in key regions linked to movement, learning and emotion regulation, according to a study published in the journal Brain Communications. Researchers from King’s College London and the University of Cape Town followed more than 300 mothers and their infants in Cape Town, scanning the babies' brains several times between three months and two years of age. On average, the total brain volume of infants born to anaemic mothers was 4% lower than that of babies born to non-anaemic mothers, with specific differences recorded in the putamen, caudate nucleus, and corpus callosum. The size gap between the two groups widened over the first two years of life, with the corpus callosum measuring about 4% smaller at 12 months and 6% smaller by 24 months. First author Jessica Ringshaw noted that earlier research showed these brain differences persist when children are six years old and starting school, potentially translating into noticeable cognitive difficulties. More than a third of pregnant women worldwide have anaemia, which is typically caused by iron deficiency. Ringshaw emphasized the need for screening and iron supplementation during pregnancy alongside infection management, stating that anaemia needs to be placed at the forefront of public health efforts. The study utilized portable low-field MRI scanners, which proved sensitive enough to detect the same brain differences as traditional high-field machines. Steve Williams, a professor of neuroimaging at King’s, said the study proved that this novel technology can measure the impact of malnutrition on the developing brain at scale in challenging environments.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

SKIPPED: 503 UNAVAILABLE. {'error': {'code': 503, 'message': 'This model is currently experiencing high demand. Spikes in demand are usually temporary. Please try again later.', 'status': 'UNAVAILABLE'}}

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Babies born to mothers with mild anaemia have lower total brain volume and smaller brains in key regions. These regions are linked to movement and learning and emotion regulation. This is according to a new study published in the journal Brain Communications. Researchers from King’s College London and the University of Cape Town followed more than three hundred mothers and their infants in Cape Town. They scanned the babies brains several times between three months and two years of age. On average, the total brain volume of infants born to anaemic mothers was four percent lower than that of other babies. Specific differences were recorded in the putamen and the caudate nucleus and the corpus callosum. The size gap between the two groups widened over the first two years of life. The corpus callosum measured about four percent smaller at twelve months and six percent smaller by twenty-four months. First author, Jessica Ringshaw noted that earlier research showed these brain differences persist when children are six years old and starting school. This can potentially translate into noticeable cognitive difficulties. More than a third of pregnant women worldwide have anaemia. The condition is typically caused by iron deficiency. Jessica Ringshaw emphasized the need for screening and iron supplementation during pregnancy alongside infection management. She stated that anaemia needs to be placed at the forefront of public health efforts. The study utilized portable low-field M. R. I. scanners. These machines proved sensitive enough to detect the same brain differences as traditional high-field machines. Steve Williams, a professor of neuroimaging at King’s, said the study proved that this novel technology can measure the impact of malnutrition on the developing brain at scale in challenging environments.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Babies born to mothers with mild anaemia have lower total brain volume and smaller brains in key regions. These regions are linked to movement and learning and emotion regulation. This is according to a new study published in the journal Brain Communications. Researchers from King’s College London and the University of Cape Town followed more than three hundred mothers and their infants in Cape Town. They scanned the babies brains several times between three months and two years of age. On average, the total brain volume of infants born to anaemic mothers was four percent lower than that of other babies. Specific differences were recorded in the putamen and the caudate nucleus and the corpus callosum. The size gap between the two groups widened over the first two years of life. The corpus callosum measured about four percent smaller at twelve months and six percent smaller by twenty-four months. First author, Jessica Ringshaw noted that earlier research showed these brain differences persist when children are six years old and starting school. This can potentially translate into noticeable cognitive difficulties. More than a third of pregnant women worldwide have anaemia. The condition is typically caused by iron deficiency. Jessica Ringshaw emphasized the need for screening and iron supplementation during pregnancy alongside infection management. She stated that anaemia needs to be placed at the forefront of public health efforts. The study utilized portable low-field M. R. I. scanners. These machines proved sensitive enough to detect the same brain differences as traditional high-field machines. Steve Williams, a professor of neuroimaging at King’s, said the study proved that this novel technology can measure the impact of malnutrition on the developing brain at scale in challenging environments.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

80% covered (4/5). Missing: The brain volume gap between the groups of babies widened from four percent at 12 months to six percent at 24 months.

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: unspaced acronyms

