═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. IBM released the Granite Time Series PatchTST-FM-r2 model featuring approximately 385 million parameters.
2. As of September 8, 2026, the model ranks as the top performing zero-shot model under a permissive license on the GIFT-Eval leaderboard.
3. The model is dual-licensed under Apache 2.0 and OpenMDW 1.0 to provide broad commercial-friendly rights for users.
4. PatchTST-FM-r2 achieves a geometric-mean CRPS of 0.467 and a geometric-mean MASE of 0.6846 on the GIFT-Eval benchmark.
5. The model uses conformer blocks combining multi-head self-attention with temporal convolution to capture both long- and short-range temporal structures.
6. The architecture supports context lengths of up to 8,192 steps and produces probabilistic forecasts through a 99-quantile prediction head.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

IBM has released Granite Time Series PatchTST-FM-r2, a roughly 385-million-parameter time-series foundation model featuring an updated architecture, a larger pretraining corpus, probabilistic forecasting, and missing-value imputation. As of September 8, 2026, the model ranks second overall among replicable zero-shot models on the GIFT-Eval benchmark and is the top-performing zero-shot model under a permissive, commercial-friendly open-source license.

The model is dual-licensed under Apache 2.0 and OpenMDW 1.0. It achieves a geometric-mean CRPS of 0.467 and a geometric-mean MASE of 0.6846. Architectural changes include a transition from standard transformer layers to conformer layers that combine multi-head self-attention with temporal convolution, alongside 50 percent overlapping patches with Hamming-window weighting and overlap-and-add forecasting. The model supports context lengths of up to 8,192 steps and predicts 99 quantiles.

The pretraining corpus consists of selected datasets from GiftEvalPretrain, custom synthetic data based on KernelSynth with modified periodic kernels, a TSMixup corpus, and approximately 500,000 synthetic CauKer sequences of length 4,096. Model weights, architecture, inference pipeline, and reproduction code are available on Hugging Face and GitHub.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

SKIPPED: 429 RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED. {'error': {'code': 429, 'message': 'You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, head to: https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/rate-limits. To monitor your current usage, head to: https://ai.dev/rate-limit. \n* Quota exceeded for metric: generativelanguage.googleapis.com/generate_content_free_tier_requests, limit: 500, model: gemini-3.5-flash-lite\nPlease retry in 57.569283082s.', 'status': 'RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED', 'details': [{'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.Help', 'links': [{'description': 'Learn more about Gemini API quotas', 'url': 'https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/rate-limits'}]}, {'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.QuotaFailure', 'violations': [{'quotaMetric': 'generativelanguage.googleapis.com/generate_content_free_tier_requests', 'quotaId': 'GenerateRequestsPerDayPerProjectPerModel-FreeTier', 'quotaDimensions': {'location': 'global', 'model': 'gemini-3.5-flash-lite'}, 'quotaValue': '500'}]}, {'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.RetryInfo', 'retryDelay': '57s'}]}}

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

International Business Machines has released a new time-series foundation model. It is called Granite Time Series Patch-T-S-T-F-M-r-two. The model has roughly three hundred eighty-five million parameters. It features an updated architecture and a larger pretraining corpus. It also supports probabilistic forecasting and missing-value imputation. 

As of September eighth, twenty twenty-six, the model ranks second overall among replicable zero-shot models on the G-I-F-T-Eval benchmark. It is also the top-performing zero-shot model under a permissive, commercial-friendly open-source license. 

The model is dual-licensed under Apache two point zero and Open-M-D-W one point zero. It achieves a geometric-mean C-R-P-S of zero point four six seven. It also achieves a geometric-mean M-A-S-E of zero point six eight four six. 

Architectural changes include a transition from standard transformer layers to conformer layers. These combine multi-head self-attention with temporal convolution. They also include fifty percent overlapping patches with Hamming-window weighting and overlap-and-add forecasting. The model supports context lengths of up to eight thousand one hundred ninety-two steps. It predicts ninety-nine quantiles. 

The pretraining corpus consists of selected datasets from Gift-Eval-Pretrain. It includes custom synthetic data based on Kernel-Synth with modified periodic kernels. It also features a T-S-Mixup corpus. Finally, it includes approximately five hundred thousand synthetic Cau-Ker sequences of length four thousand ninety-six. 

Model weights, architecture, inference pipeline, and reproduction code are available on Hugging Face and GitHub.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

International Business Machines has released a new time-series foundation model. It is called Granite Time Series Patch-T-S-T-F-M-r-two. The model has roughly three hundred eighty-five million parameters. It features an updated architecture and a larger pretraining corpus. It also supports probabilistic forecasting and missing-value imputation.

As of September eighth, twenty twenty-six, the model ranks second overall among replicable zero-shot models on the G-I-F-T-Eval benchmark. It is also the top-performing zero-shot model under a permissive, commercial-friendly open-source license.

The model is dual-licensed under Apache two point zero and Open-M-D-W one point zero. It achieves a geometric-mean C-R-P-S of zero point four six seven. It also achieves a geometric-mean M-A-S-E of zero point six eight four six.

Architectural changes include a transition from standard transformer layers to conformer layers. These combine multi-head self-attention with temporal convolution. They also include fifty percent overlapping patches with Hamming-window weighting and overlap-and-add forecasting. The model supports context lengths of up to eight thousand one hundred ninety-two steps. It predicts ninety-nine quantiles.

The pretraining corpus consists of selected datasets from Gift-Eval-Pretrain. It includes custom synthetic data based on Kernel-Synth with modified periodic kernels. It also features a T-S-Mixup corpus. Finally, it includes approximately five hundred thousand synthetic Cau-Ker sequences of length four thousand ninety-six.

Model weights, architecture, inference pipeline, and reproduction code are available on Hugging Face and GitHub.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

