═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Andrew Frederick was found dead at his property in Grenada on 4 January at age 47.
2. A privately hired pathologist concluded that Andrew Frederick died from a homicide.
3. Grenada director of public prosecution Howard Pinnock stated the case would go to the coroner.
4. A UK coroner noted that Andrew Frederick’s organs were missing upon his repatriation.
5. Senior coroner Lydia Brown announced that the Metropolitan police are now investigating the death.
6. The family urged Grenadian authorities to work collaboratively with the Metropolitan police to find answers.
7. Justice for Andrew depends on everyone with the power to act doing what is right.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

The family of 47-year-old British father Andrew Frederick, who was found dead in Grenada on 4 January, is urging local authorities to cooperate with UK investigators. Frederick's body was discovered at his rental property, and a privately hired pathologist concluded that week that he was a victim of homicide. However, in June, Grenada’s director of public prosecution, Howard Pinnock, stated there was no basis to treat the case as a homicide and that it would be sent to the coroner. 

Following a family campaign, Frederick’s body was repatriated to the UK last month. A second autopsy revealed his organs were missing, and the UK coroner recorded his cause of death as unascertained. Last week at West London coroner’s court, senior coroner Lydia Brown suspended the inquest after the Metropolitan Police launched a criminal investigation. No arrests have been made, and Met officers have contacted the Royal Grenada Police Force to offer assistance. 

In a statement to the Guardian, the family said, “Justice for Andrew depends on everyone with the power to act, on both sides of the Atlantic, doing what is right.” They are calling on Grenadian authorities to share information and collaborate with the Metropolitan Police, while also seeking answers regarding the absence of Frederick's organs. The Office of the Commissioner in Grenada stated that the matter will progress to the coroner’s court for the parish of Saint George.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

The family of 47-year-old British father Andrew Frederick, who was found dead in Grenada on 4 January, is urging local authorities to cooperate with UK investigators. Frederick's body was discovered at his rental property, and a privately hired pathologist concluded that week that he was a victim of homicide. However, in June, Grenada’s director of public prosecution, Howard Pinnock, stated there was no basis to treat the case as a homicide and that it would be sent to the coroner. 

After a sustained campaign by the family, British authorities became involved and Frederick’s body was repatriated to the UK last month. A second autopsy revealed his organs were missing, and the UK coroner recorded his cause of death as unascertained. Last week at West London coroner’s court, senior coroner Lydia Brown suspended the inquest after the Metropolitan Police launched a criminal investigation. No arrests have been made, and Met officers have contacted the Royal Grenada Police Force to offer assistance. 

In a statement to the Guardian, the family said, “Justice for Andrew depends on everyone with the power to act, on both sides of the Atlantic, doing what is right.” They are calling on Grenadian authorities to share information and collaborate with the Metropolitan Police, while also seeking answers regarding the absence of Frederick's organs. The Office of the Commissioner in Grenada stated that the matter will progress to the coroner’s court for the parish of Saint George.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

The family of forty-seven-year-old British father Andrew Frederick is urging local authorities to cooperate with United Kingdom investigators. Frederick was found dead in Grenada on the fourth of January. His body was discovered at his rental property. A privately hired pathologist concluded that week that he was a victim of homicide. In June, the director of public prosecution in Grenada, Howard Pinnock, stated there was no basis to treat the case as a homicide. He added that it would be sent to the coroner. 

After a sustained campaign by the family, British authorities became involved. The body of Frederick was repatriated to the United Kingdom last month. A second autopsy revealed his organs were missing. The United Kingdom coroner recorded his cause of death as unascertained. Last week at the West London coroner court, senior coroner Lydia Brown suspended the inquest. This happened after the Metropolitan Police launched a criminal investigation. No arrests have been made. Officers from the Metropolitan Police have contacted the Royal Grenada Police Force to offer assistance. 

In a statement to the Guardian, the family said justice for Andrew depends on everyone with the power to act on both sides of the Atlantic doing what is right. They are calling on Grenadian authorities to share information and collaborate with the Metropolitan Police. They are also seeking answers regarding the absence of the organs of Frederick. The Office of the Commissioner in Grenada stated that the matter will progress to the coroner court for the parish of Saint George.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

The family of forty-seven-year-old British father Andrew Frederick is urging local authorities to cooperate with United Kingdom investigators. Frederick was found dead in Grenada on the fourth of January. His body was discovered at his rental property. A privately hired pathologist concluded that week that he was a victim of homicide. In June, the director of public prosecution in Grenada, Howard Pinnock, stated there was no basis to treat the case as a homicide. He added that it would be sent to the coroner.

After a sustained campaign by the family, British authorities became involved. The body of Frederick was repatriated to the United Kingdom last month. A second autopsy revealed his organs were missing. The United Kingdom coroner recorded his cause of death as unascertained. Last week at the West London coroner court, senior coroner Lydia Brown suspended the inquest. This happened after the Metropolitan Police launched a criminal investigation. No arrests have been made. Officers from the Metropolitan Police have contacted the Royal Grenada Police Force to offer assistance.

In a statement to the Guardian, the family said justice for Andrew depends on everyone with the power to act on both sides of the Atlantic doing what is right. They are calling on Grenadian authorities to share information and collaborate with the Metropolitan Police. They are also seeking answers regarding the absence of the organs of Frederick. The Office of the Commissioner in Grenada stated that the matter will progress to the coroner court for the parish of Saint George.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

