═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. LIV Golf filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the United States on Tuesday.
2. The breakaway league owes more than $45m to players, with Jon Rahm owed $7.5m.
3. Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund withdrew its multibillion-dollar funding after spending over $5bn since 2021.
4. LIV Golf has found a new proposed investor in international investment firm BC Partners.
5. The restructuring process allows LIV Golf to start talking to players about participating in its future.
6. PIF is providing a bankruptcy loan of $49.6m to help fund the court-supervised reorganization process.
7. Put simply, this process is designed to build a stronger and more sustainable future for LIV Golf.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

LIV Golf filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the federal district court of New Jersey on Tuesday, with at least $45m owed to 14 current and former players for the third quarter of 2026. The filing follows the decision in April by Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund to pull its multibillion-dollar funding after spending more than $5bn since the league's launch in 2021. Court documents estimate LIV's assets at $100m to $500m and liabilities between $500m and $1bn. Two-time major winner Jon Rahm tops the list of the 30 largest unsecured creditors with a claim of $7.5m, followed by Bryson DeChambeau at $5.7m, Dustin Johnson at $5.5m, Cameron Smith at $4.8m, Tyrrell Hatton at $3.4m, and Brooks Koepka at $1.7m. PIF is providing a $49.6m bankruptcy loan to help fund the restructuring process. LIV has found a new proposed investor in BC Partners and intends to launch a new majority player-owned league early next year under a more sustainable business model, with field sizes expanding to 75 players, the introduction of a cut, and lower prize purses than the PGA Tour. Previous player contracts will finish due to the court filing, and players will now have the option to leave without any obligation to sign on to the new league. Speaking before the Irish Open on Tuesday, Rahm told BBC Sport: "I still have a contract with LIV 1.0 that I'm more than willing to fulfil, so like I said, time will tell."

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

L. I. V. Golf filed for Chapter eleven bankruptcy protection in the federal district court of New Jersey on Tuesday. At least forty-five million dollars is owed to fourteen current and former players for the third quarter of twenty twenty-six.

The filing follows a decision in April by Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund to pull its multibillion-dollar funding. The fund spent more than five billion dollars since the league launched in twenty twenty-one. Court documents estimate L. I. V. assets between one hundred million and five hundred million dollars. Liabilities are estimated between five hundred million and one billion dollars.

Two-time major winner, Jon Rahm tops the list of the thirty largest unsecured creditors. His claim is seven point five million dollars. Bryson DeChambeau follows at five point seven million dollars. Dustin Johnson is owed five point five million dollars. Cameron Smith is owed four point eight million dollars. Tyrrell Hatton is owed three point four million dollars. Brooks Koepka is owed one point seven million dollars.

The Public Investment Fund is providing a forty-nine point six million dollar bankruptcy loan to help fund the restructuring process. L. I. V. found a new proposed investor in B. C. Partners. The league intends to launch a new majority player-owned league early next year under a more sustainable business model. Field sizes will expand to seventy-five players. The league will introduce a cut and lower prize purses than the P. G. A. Tour.

Previous player contracts will finish due to the court filing. Players now have the option to leave without any obligation to sign on to the new league. Speaking before the Irish Open on Tuesday,, Jon Rahm told the B. B. C. that he still has a contract with L. I. V. one point zero that he is more than willing to fulfil. He added that time will tell.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

L. I. V. Golf filed for Chapter eleven bankruptcy protection in the federal district court of New Jersey on Tuesday. At least forty-five million dollars is owed to fourteen current and former players for the third quarter of twenty twenty-six.

The filing follows a decision in April by Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund to pull its multibillion-dollar funding. The fund spent more than five billion dollars since the league launched in twenty twenty-one. Court documents estimate L. I. V. assets between one hundred million and five hundred million dollars. Liabilities are estimated between five hundred million and one billion dollars.

Two-time major winner, Jon Rahm tops the list of the thirty largest unsecured creditors. His claim is seven point five million dollars. Bryson DeChambeau follows at five point seven million dollars. Dustin Johnson is owed five point five million dollars. Cameron Smith is owed four point eight million dollars. Tyrrell Hatton is owed three point four million dollars. Brooks Koepka is owed one point seven million dollars.

The Public Investment Fund is providing a forty-nine point six million dollar bankruptcy loan to help fund the restructuring process. L. I. V. found a new proposed investor in B. C. Partners. The league intends to launch a new majority player-owned league early next year under a more sustainable business model. Field sizes will expand to seventy-five players. The league will introduce a cut and lower prize purses than the P. G. A. Tour.

Previous player contracts will finish due to the court filing. Players now have the option to leave without any obligation to sign on to the new league. Speaking before the Irish Open on Tuesday, Jon Rahm told the B. B. C. that he still has a contract with L. I. V. one point zero that he is more than willing to fulfil. He added that time will tell.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: Chapter eleven

