═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. New York Assemblymember Alex Bores is launching a $30 million effort called Who Decides on Tuesday.
2. The organization aims to build a common Democratic AI safety agenda by 2028.
3. Bores is launching the new organization with his former chief of staff Anna Myers.
4. Who Decides will reject corporate money and contributions from senior executives at frontier AI companies.
5. The group will focus on eleven key states for the 2028 presidential primary and general election.
6. We don t let five people write the laws for hundreds of millions of Americans Bores says.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

New York Assemblymember Alex Bores is launching a thirty million dollar effort called Who Decides on Tuesday to unite Democrats around regulating artificial intelligence. Bores is launching the new organization with his former chief of staff Anna Myers. The group aims by twenty twenty eight to have Democratic candidates run with a common AI safety agenda addressing both current harms and broader dangers that increasingly powerful systems could destabilize the economy democracy and safety. Who Decides will reject corporate money or contributions from senior executives at frontier AI companies. The organization will focus on eleven key states that will be critical to the twenty twenty eight presidential primary and general election including South Carolina Nevada New Hampshire New Mexico Michigan Virginia Arizona Georgia North Carolina Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. The initiative will conduct quarterly national and state polls host national conferences and partner with local groups in those states. The launch follows a failed congressional campaign earlier this year where Bores gained national attention for his opposition to unchecked artificial intelligence. We don t let five people write the laws for hundreds of millions of Americans Bores says in the launch announcement on the website in an apparent reference to top industry executives.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

New York Assemblymember Alex Bores is launching a thirty million dollar effort called Who Decides on Tuesday to unite Democrats around regulating artificial intelligence. Bores is launching the new organization with his former chief of staff Anna Myers. The group aims by twenty twenty eight to have Democratic candidates run with a common AI safety agenda addressing both current harms and broader dangers that increasingly powerful systems could destabilize the economy democracy and safety. Who Decides will reject corporate money or contributions from senior executives at frontier AI companies. The group says on the site it will focus on eleven states that it says will be key to the twenty twenty eight presidential primary and general election including South Carolina Nevada New Hampshire New Mexico Michigan Virginia Arizona Georgia North Carolina Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. The initiative will conduct quarterly national and state polls host national conferences and partner with local groups in those states. The launch follows a failed congressional campaign earlier this year where Bores gained national attention for his opposition to unchecked artificial intelligence. We don t let five people write the laws for hundreds of millions of Americans Bores says in the launch announcement on the website an apparent reference to the top executives in the AI industry.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

New York Assemblymember Alex Bores is launching a thirty million dollar effort called Who Decides on Tuesday to unite Democrats around regulating artificial intelligence. Bores is launching the new organization with his former chief of staff Anna Myers. The group aims by twenty twenty eight to have Democratic candidates run with a common AI safety agenda addressing both current harms and broader dangers that increasingly powerful systems could destabilize the economy democracy and safety. Who Decides will reject corporate money or contributions from senior executives at frontier AI companies. The initiative will conduct quarterly national and state polls host national conferences and partner with local groups in those states. The launch follows a failed congressional campaign earlier this year where Bores gained national attention for his opposition to unchecked artificial intelligence.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

83% covered (5/6). Missing: We don t let five people write the laws for hundreds of millions of Americans Bores says.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

New York Assemblymember Alex Bores is launching a thirty million dollar effort called Who Decides on Tuesday to unite Democrats around regulating artificial intelligence. Bores is launching the new organization with his former chief of staff Anna Myers. The group aims by twenty twenty eight to have Democratic candidates run with a common AI safety agenda addressing both current harms and broader dangers that increasingly powerful systems could destabilize the economy democracy and safety. "We don t let five people write the laws for hundreds of millions of Americans Bores says." Who Decides will reject corporate money or contributions from senior executives at frontier AI companies. The initiative will conduct quarterly national and state polls host national conferences and partner with local groups in those states. The launch follows a failed congressional campaign earlier this year where Bores gained national attention for his opposition to unchecked artificial intelligence.

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

The new political organization aims to unite Democrats around a common safety agenda to regulate frontier artificial intelligence by twenty twenty-eight.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

New York Assemblymember Alex Bores is launching a thirty million dollar effort called Who Decides to unite Democrats around regulating artificial intelligence. Bores is launching the new organization with his former chief of staff Anna Myers, Politico reports. The group aims by twenty twenty-eight to have Democratic candidates run with a common A. I. safety agenda. The agenda addresses current harms and broader dangers that increasingly powerful systems could destabilize the economy, democracy, and safety. The new political organization aims to unite Democrats around a common safety agenda to regulate frontier artificial intelligence by twenty twenty-eight. Who Decides will reject corporate money or contributions from senior executives at frontier A. I. companies. The initiative will conduct quarterly national and state polls, host national conferences, and partner with local groups in those states. The launch follows a failed congressional campaign earlier this year where Bores gained national attention for his opposition to unchecked artificial intelligence.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

New York Assemblymember Alex Bores is launching a thirty million dollar effort called Who Decides to unite Democrats around regulating artificial intelligence. Bores is launching the new organization with his former chief of staff Anna Myers, Politico reports. The group aims by twenty twenty-eight to have Democratic candidates run with a common A. I. safety agenda. The agenda addresses current harms and broader dangers that increasingly powerful systems could destabilize the economy, democracy, and safety. The new political organization aims to unite Democrats around a common safety agenda to regulate frontier artificial intelligence by twenty twenty-eight. Who Decides will reject corporate money or contributions from senior executives at frontier A. I. companies. The initiative will conduct quarterly national and state polls, host national conferences, and partner with local groups in those states. The launch follows a failed congressional campaign earlier this year where Bores gained national attention for his opposition to unchecked artificial intelligence.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

83% covered (5/6). Missing: We don t let five people write the laws for hundreds of millions of Americans Bores says.

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

numeric_preservation: score=0.53 {'total': 15, 'missing': ['13', '09', '11', '21', '4', '14', '501']}

