═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Hyrox organisers apologised and pledged rule changes after Australian athlete Joanna Wietrzyk continued a Beijing race after soiling herself.
2. Footage of world record holder Joanna Wietrzyk showed her continuing exercises and using communal equipment while visibly soiled.
3. Hyrox co-founder Moritz Fürste stated on Instagram that Hyrox made a mistake by not reacting immediately during the race.
4. Organisers confirmed affected lanes were isolated for deep cleaning, contaminated equipment was removed, and venue carpet was replaced overnight.
5. Competitor Joe Ho stated that exposed athletes faced genuine physical and psychological consequences and questioned the lack of compensation.
6. Organisers warned that anyone sending abuse or threats of violence towards Wietrzyk would be banned from all future events.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Fitness competition organisers have issued an apology and implemented immediate rule changes after an incident in Beijing where an Australian participant was allowed to finish and win despite soiling herself mid-race. Footage showed world record holder Joanna Wietrzyk continuing through demanding exercises and using communal equipment while visibly soiled, sparking widespread debate regarding health and safety standards. Hyrox co-founder Moritz Fürste addressed the situation in an Instagram statement, saying that Hyrox made a mistake by failing to react immediately during the event and adding that new procedures are now in place to prevent similar occurrences. Organisers from Hyrox China and Hyrox World confirmed that affected lanes were isolated for overnight deep cleaning, contaminated equipment was removed, and venue carpets were replaced before competition resumed. The incident raised concerns among participants who paid to compete, with competitor Joe Ho noting that exposed athletes faced potential physical and psychological consequences and deserved meaningful compensation. Following online backlash targeting Wietrzyk, organisers issued a warning that individuals sending abuse or threats of violence toward the athlete will face bans from all future events.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

Fitness competition organisers face growing pressure to protect health standards and competitor welfare after hygiene failures during international racing events.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Fitness competition organisers have issued an apology and implemented immediate rule changes after an incident in Beijing. During the event, Guardian Sport reports that an Australian participant was allowed to finish and win despite soiling herself mid-race. Footage showed world record holder Joanna Wietrzyk continuing through demanding exercises and using communal equipment while visibly soiled. This sparked widespread debate regarding health and safety standards. Hyrox co-founder Moritz Fürste addressed the situation in an Instagram statement. He said that Hyrox made a mistake by failing to react immediately during the event and added that new procedures are now in place. Organisers from Hyrox China and Hyrox World confirmed that affected lanes were isolated for overnight deep cleaning. Contaminated equipment was removed, and venue carpets were replaced before competition resumed. The incident raised concerns among participants who paid to compete. Competitor Joe Ho noted that exposed athletes faced potential physical and psychological consequences and deserved meaningful compensation. Following online backlash targeting Wietrzyk, organisers issued a warning that individuals sending abuse or threats of violence toward the athlete will face bans from all future events. Fitness competition organisers face growing pressure to protect health standards and competitor welfare after hygiene failures during international racing events.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Fitness competition organisers have issued an apology and implemented immediate rule changes after an incident in Beijing. During the event, Guardian Sport reports that an Australian participant was allowed to finish and win despite soiling herself mid-race. Footage showed world record holder Joanna Wietrzyk continuing through demanding exercises and using communal equipment while visibly soiled. This sparked widespread debate regarding health and safety standards. Hyrox co-founder Moritz Fürste addressed the situation in an Instagram statement. He said that Hyrox made a mistake by failing to react immediately during the event and added that new procedures are now in place. Organisers from Hyrox China and Hyrox World confirmed that affected lanes were isolated for overnight deep cleaning. Contaminated equipment was removed, and venue carpets were replaced before competition resumed. The incident raised concerns among participants who paid to compete. Competitor Joe Ho noted that exposed athletes faced potential physical and psychological consequences and deserved meaningful compensation. Following online backlash targeting Wietrzyk, organisers issued a warning that individuals sending abuse or threats of violence toward the athlete will face bans from all future events. Fitness competition organisers face growing pressure to protect health standards and competitor welfare after hygiene failures during international racing events.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

numeric_preservation: score=0.00 {'total': 4, 'missing': ['2017', '2005', '22', '2024']}

