═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Congolese health minister Samuel Roger Kamba announced that the Ebola outbreak has reached its peak.
2. New daily infections have dropped from about 120 cases down to about 80 cases per day.
3. Congolese authorities declared the Bundibugyo virus outbreak on 15 May.
4. Confirmed cases stood at more than 7,200, including more than 3,475 deaths, as of 14 September.
5. The DRC received more than 70,000 doses of the Ervebo vaccine last month.
6. Samuel Roger Kamba stated that we are fighting a very dangerous virus that is killing many of our people and today we can say that the outbreak is under control.
7. This news matters because tracking the peak and slowing infection rates helps local families hope the disease will soon be declared over and allows residents to return to normal lives.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Authorities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo have announced that the Ebola outbreak ravaging parts of the country has reached its peak. For the first time since the epidemic was declared in May, the numbers of people becoming infected is slowing down. Samuel Roger Kamba, the Congolese health minister, said there was a decline in transmission of the Bundibugyo variant of Ebola. We are fighting a very dangerous virus that is killing many of our people. Today, we can say that the outbreak is under control, he said. At one point, we were recording about 120 cases per day; today, we are seeing about 80 per day. According to the latest data from the Congolese health ministry, the number of confirmed cases stood at more than 7,200, including more than 3,475 deaths, as of 14 September. The Bundibugyo virus outbreak was declared by Congolese authorities on 15 May and is concentrated primarily in Ituri province. The DRC received more than 70,000 doses of the Ervebo vaccine last month. Léa Munyere expressed relief that the health authorities had announced that Ebola was under control so that people can get back to their normal lives. While welcoming the progress made, an MP warned against triumphalism and called for transparency in the data. Jean Kaseya previously noted that containment and contact tracing were still not effective enough. Strict adherence to preventive measures remains in place across the affected regions.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

85% covered (6/7). Missing: This news matters because tracking the peak and slowing infection rates helps local families hope the disease will soon be declared over and allows residents to return to normal lives.

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

The declining transmission rate of the Bundibugyo virus eases public health pressure across the affected provinces in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Authorities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo announced that the Ebola outbreak ravaging parts of the country has reached its peak. For the first time since the epidemic was declared in May, the number of new infections is slowing down. Guardian World reports this development, noting a decline in transmission of the dangerous Bundibugyo variant. Congolese health minister, Samuel Roger Kamba, said the outbreak is now under control. At one point, health workers were recording about one hundred twenty cases per day. Today, officials are seeing about eighty cases per day. Confirmed cases stood at more than seven thousand two hundred, including more than three thousand four hundred seventy-five deaths, as of September fourteenth. The outbreak began on May fifteenth and is concentrated primarily in Ituri province. The country received more than seventy thousand doses of the Ervebo vaccine last month. Resident Léa Munyere expressed relief that people can now get back to their normal lives. One member of parliament warned against triumphalism and called for transparency in the data. Jean Kaseya previously noted that containment and contact tracing were still not effective enough. Strict adherence to preventive measures remains in place across the affected regions. The declining transmission rate of the Bundibugyo virus eases public health pressure across the affected provinces in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Authorities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo announced that the Ebola outbreak ravaging parts of the country has reached its peak. For the first time since the epidemic was declared in May, the number of new infections is slowing down. Guardian World reports this development, noting a decline in transmission of the dangerous Bundibugyo variant. Congolese health minister, Samuel Roger Kamba, said the outbreak is now under control. At one point, health workers were recording about one hundred twenty cases per day. Today, officials are seeing about eighty cases per day. Confirmed cases stood at more than seven thousand two hundred, including more than three thousand four hundred seventy-five deaths, as of September fourteenth. The outbreak began on May fifteenth and is concentrated primarily in Ituri province. The country received more than seventy thousand doses of the Ervebo vaccine last month. Resident Léa Munyere expressed relief that people can now get back to their normal lives. One member of parliament warned against triumphalism and called for transparency in the data. Jean Kaseya previously noted that containment and contact tracing were still not effective enough. Strict adherence to preventive measures remains in place across the affected regions. The declining transmission rate of the Bundibugyo virus eases public health pressure across the affected provinces in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

85% covered (6/7). Missing: This news matters because tracking the peak and slowing infection rates helps local families hope the disease will soon be declared over and allows residents to return to normal lives.

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

numeric_preservation: score=0.56 {'total': 16, 'missing': ['36', '62', '10', '21', '60', '22', '42']}

