═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. New York Governor Kathy Hochul advised local governments that zoning and environmental laws can block ICE detention facilities.
2. Hochul sent a letter to local government leaders explaining legal barriers to halt Immigration and Customs Enforcement expansions.
3. Federal immigration officials confirmed an acquisition is underway to lease a new facility for operations in the Hudson Valley.
4. Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg announced his office seized a dozen domains used to sell AI deepfake pornography.
5. The seized deepfake websites featured AI-generated images and videos of roughly twelve hundred individuals engaging in sexually explicit activity.
6. The high school class of 2027 will be the final group required to pass state Regents exams to graduate.
7. State education officials announced that beginning with students graduating in 2028, Regents exams will become optional rather than mandatory.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

New York Governor Kathy Hochul advised local governments that zoning and environmental laws can block Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention facilities. Hochul sent a letter to local government leaders explaining legal barriers to halt Immigration and Customs Enforcement expansions in their communities. Federal immigration officials confirmed an acquisition is underway to lease a new facility for enforcement and removal operations in the Hudson Valley. Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg announced his office seized a dozen domains used to create, disseminate, and sell artificial intelligence deepfake pornography. The seized websites featured artificial intelligence-generated images and videos of roughly twelve hundred individuals engaging in sexually explicit activity. Bragg stated that horrific violations of privacy follow victims into their careers and personal lives. In education news, the high school class of 2027 will be the final group required to pass state Regents exams to graduate. State education officials announced that beginning with students graduating in 2028, Regents exams will become optional rather than mandatory for high school graduation.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

New York Governor Kathy Hochul’s office is advising local governments that zoning and state environmental laws can stymie Immigration and Customs Enforcement from building or expanding detention facilities. Hochul sent a letter to local government leaders explaining legal barriers to halt Immigration and Customs Enforcement efforts in their communities. Federal immigration officials confirmed an acquisition is underway to lease a new facility for enforcement and removal operations in the Hudson Valley. Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg announced his office seized a dozen domains used to create, disseminate, and sell artificial intelligence deepfake pornography. The seized websites featured artificial intelligence-generated images and videos of roughly twelve hundred individuals engaging in sexually explicit activity. Bragg stated that horrific violations of privacy follow victims into their careers and personal lives. In education news, the high school class of 2027 will be the final group required to pass state Regents exams to graduate. State education officials announced that beginning with students graduating in 2028, Regents exams will become optional rather than mandatory for high school graduation.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

Hochul sent a letter to local government leaders explaining legal barriers to halt Immigration and Customs Enforcement efforts in their communities. Federal immigration officials confirmed an acquisition is underway to lease a new facility for enforcement and removal operations in the Hudson Valley. Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg announced his office seized a dozen domains used to create, disseminate, and sell artificial intelligence deepfake pornography. The seized websites featured artificial intelligence-generated images and videos of roughly twelve hundred individuals engaging in sexually explicit activity. Bragg stated that horrific violations of privacy follow victims into their careers and personal lives. In education news, the high school class of 2027 will be the final group required to pass state Regents exams to graduate. State education officials announced that beginning with students graduating in 2028, Regents exams will become optional rather than mandatory for high school graduation.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

85% covered (6/7). Missing: New York Governor Kathy Hochul advised local governments that zoning and environmental laws can block ICE detention facilities.

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

The phase out of mandatory Regents exams for the class of twenty twenty-eight alters graduation standards for New York high school students.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Governor Kathy Hochul sent a letter to local government leaders explaining legal barriers to halt Immigration and Customs Enforcement efforts in their communities. Federal immigration officials confirmed an acquisition is underway to lease a new facility for enforcement and removal operations in the Hudson Valley. Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg announced his office seized a dozen domains used to create, disseminate, and sell artificial intelligence deepfake pornography, according to Politico. The seized websites featured artificial intelligence-generated images and videos of roughly twelve hundred individuals engaging in sexually explicit activity. Bragg stated that horrific violations of privacy follow victims into their careers and personal lives. In education news, the high school class of twenty twenty-seven will be the final group required to pass state Regents exams to graduate. State education officials announced that beginning with students graduating in twenty twenty-eight, Regents exams will become optional rather than mandatory for high school graduation.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Governor Kathy Hochul sent a letter to local government leaders explaining legal barriers to halt Immigration and Customs Enforcement efforts in their communities. Federal immigration officials confirmed an acquisition is underway to lease a new facility for enforcement and removal operations in the Hudson Valley. Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg announced his office seized a dozen domains used to create, disseminate, and sell artificial intelligence deepfake pornography, according to Politico. The seized websites featured artificial intelligence-generated images and videos of roughly twelve hundred individuals engaging in sexually explicit activity. Bragg stated that horrific violations of privacy follow victims into their careers and personal lives. In education news, the high school class of twenty twenty-seven will be the final group required to pass state Regents exams to graduate. State education officials announced that beginning with students graduating in twenty twenty-eight, Regents exams will become optional rather than mandatory for high school graduation.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

85% covered (6/7). Missing: New York Governor Kathy Hochul advised local governments that zoning and environmental laws can block ICE detention facilities.

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

numeric_preservation: score=0.72 {'total': 39, 'missing': ['13', '40', '09', '05', '0', '04', '10', '03', '245.15', '50']}; sentence_length_dist: score=0.90 {'n': 7, 'p50': 23, 'p90': 25}

