═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Nairobi was named host of the 2029 World Athletics Championships at a council meeting in Budapest.
2. An African city will host the World Athletics Championships for the first time in history.
3. World Athletics president Sebastian Coe said Nairobi had presented a compelling and emotional bid.
4. Munich was confirmed as the host for the 2031 World Athletics Championships.
5. London missed out on the 2029 hosting rights despite securing forty five million pounds in public money.
6. Jack Buckner stated that UK Athletics was deeply disappointed that the championships will not be held in London.
7. Amber Anning expressed disappointment that London missed out on hosting the event as a home competition.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

London has missed out to Nairobi in the bid to host the 2029 World Athletics Championships, meaning an African city will host the event for the first time in history. The decision was confirmed at a World Athletics council meeting in Budapest where Munich was also confirmed as the host for the 2031 event. World Athletics president Sebastian Coe stated that Nairobi had presented a compelling and emotional bid. London missed out on the 2029 hosting rights despite securing forty five million pounds in public money and proposing the London Stadium as the host venue through a bid led by Athletic Ventures. Jack Buckner stated that UK Athletics was deeply disappointed that the championships will not be held in London and that they believed they had an outstanding bid which would genuinely take the sport to new levels. Amber Anning expressed disappointment that London missed out on hosting the event as a home competition while noting that having the championships in Africa for the first time will be really special. This matters because taking the event to Africa fulfills the mission of growing athletics worldwide across Asia, Africa, and Europe over the next three editions while marking a historic milestone for the continent.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

Hosting the event in Africa for the first time marks a historic milestone that fulfills the global growth mission across multiple continents.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

London has missed out to Nairobi in the bid to host the twenty twenty-nine World Athletics Championships. Bbc Sport reports that an African city will host the event for the first time in history. The decision was confirmed at a World Athletics council meeting in Budapest where Munich was also confirmed as the host for the twenty thirty-one event. World Athletics president Sebastian Coe stated that Nairobi had presented a compelling and emotional bid. London missed out on the twenty twenty-nine hosting rights despite securing forty-five million pounds in public money and proposing the London Stadium as the host venue through a bid led by Athletic Ventures. Jack Buckner stated that U. K. Athletics was deeply disappointed that the championships will not be held in London and that they believed they had an outstanding bid which would genuinely take the sport to new levels. Amber Anning expressed disappointment that London missed out on hosting the event as a home competition while noting that having the championships in Africa for the first time will be really special. Taking the event to Africa fulfills the mission of growing athletics worldwide across Asia, Africa, and Europe over the next three editions while marking a historic milestone for the continent.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

London has missed out to Nairobi in the bid to host the twenty twenty-nine World Athletics Championships. Bbc Sport reports that an African city will host the event for the first time in history. The decision was confirmed at a World Athletics council meeting in Budapest where Munich was also confirmed as the host for the twenty thirty-one event. World Athletics president Sebastian Coe stated that Nairobi had presented a compelling and emotional bid. London missed out on the twenty twenty-nine hosting rights despite securing forty-five million pounds in public money and proposing the London Stadium as the host venue through a bid led by Athletic Ventures. Jack Buckner stated that U. K. Athletics was deeply disappointed that the championships will not be held in London and that they believed they had an outstanding bid which would genuinely take the sport to new levels. Amber Anning expressed disappointment that London missed out on hosting the event as a home competition while noting that having the championships in Africa for the first time will be really special. Taking the event to Africa fulfills the mission of growing athletics worldwide across Asia, Africa, and Europe over the next three editions while marking a historic milestone for the continent.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

numeric_preservation: score=0.92 {'total': 12, 'missing': ['11']}; sentence_length_dist: score=0.57 {'n': 10, 'p50': 25, 'p90': 33}

