═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Tom Pidcock and Zoe Backstedt will lead Great Britain at the 2026 Road World Championships in Montreal, Canada.
2. The championships take place from 20 to 27 September and will be broadcast live across the BBC platforms.
3. Tadej Pogacar is forced to sit out the rest of the season after suffering multiple injuries in a crash.
4. Ethan Hayter and Callum Thornley will compete in the men's time trial alongside defending champion Remco Evenepoel.
5. Zoe Backstedt steps up to the elite category after winning last year's Under-23 race and joins Anna Henderson.
6. British Cycling performance director Stephen Park said the squad showcases the very best of British road racing.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Tom Pidcock and Zoe Backstedt will lead Great Britain at the 2026 Road World Championships in Montreal, Canada. The championships take place from 20 to 27 September and will be broadcast live across the BBC platforms. Great Britain men have a strong chance to win because Tadej Pogacar is forced to sit out the rest of the season after suffering multiple injuries in a crash at the Vuelta a Espana. Ethan Hayter and Callum Thornley will compete in the men's time trial alongside defending champion Remco Evenepoel of Belgium. Zoe Backstedt steps up to the elite category after winning last year's Under-23 race and joins Anna Henderson, who won silver in the time trial at the Paris Olympics in 2024. British Cycling performance director Stephen Park said the Road World Championships are always one of the standout events in the cycling calendar and that this squad showcases the very best of British road racing. The event includes road race and time trial disciplines with full coverage streaming on iPlayer and the BBC Sport website and app throughout the week.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

The absence of Tadej Pogacar improves Great Britain's medal prospects at the twenty twenty-six championships in Montreal.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Tom Pidcock and Zoe Backstedt will lead Great Britain at the twenty twenty-six Road World Championships in Montreal, Canada. Bbc Sport reports that the championships take place from September twentieth to September twenty-seventh and will be broadcast live across their platforms. Great Britain men have a strong chance to win because Tadej Pogacar is forced to sit out the rest of the season after suffering multiple injuries in a crash at the Vuelta a Espana. Ethan Hayter and Callum Thornley will compete in the men's time trial alongside defending champion Remco Evenepoel of Belgium. Zoe Backstedt steps up to the elite category after winning last year's Under-twenty-three race and joins Anna Henderson, who won silver in the time trial at the Paris Olympics in twenty twenty-four. British Cycling performance director Stephen Park said the Road World Championships are always one of the standout events in the cycling calendar and that this squad showcases the very best of British road racing. The absence of Tadej Pogacar improves Great Britain's medal prospects at the twenty twenty-six championships in Montreal.

The event includes road race and time trial disciplines with full coverage streaming on iPlayer and the Bbc Sport website and app throughout the week.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Tom Pidcock and Zoe Backstedt will lead Great Britain at the twenty twenty-six Road World Championships in Montreal, Canada. Bbc Sport reports that the championships take place from September twentieth to September twenty-seventh and will be broadcast live across their platforms. Great Britain men have a strong chance to win because Tadej Pogacar is forced to sit out the rest of the season after suffering multiple injuries in a crash at the Vuelta a Espana. Ethan Hayter and Callum Thornley will compete in the men's time trial alongside defending champion Remco Evenepoel of Belgium. Zoe Backstedt steps up to the elite category after winning last year's Under-twenty-three race and joins Anna Henderson, who won silver in the time trial at the Paris Olympics in twenty twenty-four. British Cycling performance director Stephen Park said the Road World Championships are always one of the standout events in the cycling calendar and that this squad showcases the very best of British road racing. The absence of Tadej Pogacar improves Great Britain's medal prospects at the twenty twenty-six championships in Montreal.

The event includes road race and time trial disciplines with full coverage streaming on iPlayer and the Bbc Sport website and app throughout the week.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

numeric_preservation: score=0.38 {'total': 16, 'missing': ['45', '21', '30', '00', '16', '2025', '17', '14', '5', '19']}; sentence_length_dist: score=0.53 {'n': 8, 'p50': 25, 'p90': 34}

