═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Online brokerage Robinhood Markets announced plans to offer share redemptions and voting rights on tokenized stocks.
2. Robinhood CEO Vlad Tenev announced the update in a social media post on September 14.
3. Robinhood stated it is working on redemptions for shares one-to-one with voting for eligible Stock Token holders.
4. Movie theatre chain AMC Entertainment criticized Robinhood and called on the brokerage to stop offering a tokenized stock version.
5. AMC stated it has not approved the tokenized stock version and that token holders lack traditional shareholder rights.
6. Providing in-kind redemptions allows investors to exchange a tokenized stock for a corresponding real share.
7. Voting rights matter because they help ease investor concerns and grant tokenized stock holders the same rights as traditional shareholders.
8. Robinhood stock trades at $114.33 per share and is down 0.44 percent over the last 12 months.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Online brokerage Robinhood Markets announced plans to offer share redemptions and voting rights on tokenized stocks. Robinhood CEO Vlad Tenev announced the update in a social media post on September 14. The company stated it is working on redemptions for shares one-to-one with voting for eligible Stock Token holders. Movie theatre chain AMC Entertainment criticized Robinhood and called on the brokerage to stop offering a tokenized stock version. AMC stated it has not approved the tokenized stock version and that token holders lack traditional shareholder rights. Providing in-kind redemptions allows investors to exchange a tokenized stock for a corresponding real share. Voting rights help ease investor concerns and grant tokenized stock holders the same rights as traditional shareholders. Robinhood stock trades at $114.33 per share and is down 0.44 percent over the last 12 months.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Online brokerage Robinhood Markets announced plans to offer share redemptions and voting rights on tokenized stocks. CEO Vlad Tenev announced that "In-kind redemption and voting are coming for Robinhood Stock Tokens" in a social media post on Sept. 14. The company stated it is actively working on redemptions for shares 1:1 with voting for eligible Stock Token holders. Movie theatre chain AMC Entertainment criticized Robinhood and called on the brokerage to stop offering a tokenized stock version. AMC stated it has not approved the tokenized stock version and that token holders lack the rights of other shareholders. Providing in-kind redemptions allows investors to exchange a tokenized stock for a corresponding share. Voting rights help ease investor concerns and grant holders of tokenized stocks the same rights as other shareholders. Robinhood stock trades at $114.33 U.S. per share and is down 0.44% over the last 12 months.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (8/8). Missing: none

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

Robinhood offering redemptions and voting rights on tokenized stocks addresses criticism from movie theatre chain A.M.C. Entertainment.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Online brokerage Robinhood Markets plans to offer share redemptions and voting rights on tokenized stocks. Chief Executive Officer Vlad Tenev announced the move in a social media post on September fourteenth. Yahoo Finance reports that the company is actively working on redemptions for shares one-to-one with voting for eligible token holders. Movie theatre chain A.M. C. Entertainment criticized Robinhood and called on the brokerage to stop offering a tokenized stock version. A.M.C. stated it has not approved the tokenized stock version and that token holders lack the rights of other shareholders. Providing in-kind redemptions allows investors to exchange a tokenized stock for a corresponding share. Voting rights help ease investor concerns and grant holders of tokenized stocks the same rights as other shareholders. Robinhood stock trades at one hundred fourteen dollars and thirty-three cents U.S. per share and is down zero point four four percent over the last twelve months. Robinhood offering redemptions and voting rights on tokenized stocks addresses criticism from movie theatre chain A.M.C. Entertainment.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Online brokerage Robinhood Markets plans to offer share redemptions and voting rights on tokenized stocks. Chief Executive Officer Vlad Tenev announced the move in a social media post on September fourteenth. Yahoo Finance reports that the company is actively working on redemptions for shares one-to-one with voting for eligible token holders. Movie theatre chain A.M. C. Entertainment criticized Robinhood and called on the brokerage to stop offering a tokenized stock version. A.M.C. stated it has not approved the tokenized stock version and that token holders lack the rights of other shareholders. Providing in-kind redemptions allows investors to exchange a tokenized stock for a corresponding share. Voting rights help ease investor concerns and grant holders of tokenized stocks the same rights as other shareholders. Robinhood stock trades at one hundred fourteen dollars and thirty-three cents US per share and is down zero point four four percent over the last twelve months. Robinhood offering redemptions and voting rights on tokenized stocks addresses criticism from movie theatre chain A.M.C. Entertainment.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (8/8). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

OK

