═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. A comprehensive mock drill was conducted on Tuesday across wards 14, 15, and 16 in Alappad grama panchayat.
2. The drill prepares Alappad panchayat in Kollam to secure the UNESCO Tsunami Ready recognition.
3. The Tsunami Ready initiative is jointly implemented by UNESCO IOC, INCOIS, and the Kerala State Disaster Management Authority.
4. The exercise commenced at 9.30 a.m. when a tsunami alert was issued to the District Disaster Management Authority.
5. Evacuees gathered near the Mukkumpuzha temple were later shifted to a relief camp at a government fisheries technical high school.
6. Alappad grama panchayat president S. Jayasree led public representatives in participating in the evacuation process.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Alappad grama panchayat in Kollam conducted a comprehensive mock drill on Tuesday across wards 14, 15, and 16 as part of preparations to secure the UNESCO Tsunami Ready recognition. The initiative is jointly implemented by the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission of UNESCO, the Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services, and the Kerala State Disaster Management Authority. The exercise commenced at 9.30 a.m. when a tsunami alert was issued from the State Disaster Management Authority to the district authority. Led by panchayat president S. Jayasree alongside public representatives, officials evacuated residents from the Vellanathuruthu beach vicinity to a safe designated area near the Mukkumpuzha Devi temple. Vulnerable individuals received special attention from fire and rescue personnel and Aapda Mitra volunteers before evacuees were shifted to a relief camp at the Dr. V. V. Velukutty Arayan Government Regional Fisheries Technical High School supported by a medical team.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

A comprehensive mock drill was conducted on Tuesday across wards 14, 15, and 16 as part of preparations to secure the Tsunami Ready recognition for Alappad grama panchayat in Kollam. The initiative is jointly implemented by the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission of UNESCO, the Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services, and the Kerala State Disaster Management Authority. The exercise commenced at 9.30 a.m. when a tsunami alert was issued from the State Disaster Management Authority to the district authority. Led by panchayat president S. Jayasree alongside public representatives, officials evacuated residents from the Vellanathuruthu beach vicinity to a safe designated area near the Mukkumpuzha Devi temple. Vulnerable individuals received special attention from fire and rescue personnel and Aapda Mitra volunteers before evacuees were shifted to a relief camp at the Dr. V. V. Velukutty Arayan Government Regional Fisheries Technical High School supported by a medical team.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

The coastal security drill prepares local residents across three wards for tsunami emergencies ahead of international certification.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

A comprehensive mock drill was conducted on Tuesday across wards fourteen, fifteen, and sixteen. The exercise is part of preparations to secure tsunami ready recognition for Alappad grama panchayat in Kollam, according to The Hindu. The initiative is jointly implemented by the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, along with national and state disaster management authorities. The exercise commenced at nine thirty a.m. when a tsunami alert was issued from the state authority to the district authority. Led by panchayat president, S. Jayasree, officials evacuated residents from the beach vicinity to a safe designated area near the Mukkumpuzha Devi temple. Vulnerable individuals received special attention from fire and rescue personnel and Aapda Mitra volunteers before evacuees were shifted to a relief camp at the Doctor V. V. Velukutty Arayan Government Regional Fisheries Technical High School supported by a medical team. The coastal security drill prepares local residents across three wards for tsunami emergencies ahead of international certification.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

A comprehensive mock drill was conducted on Tuesday across wards fourteen, fifteen, and sixteen. The exercise is part of preparations to secure tsunami ready recognition for Alappad grama panchayat in Kollam, according to The Hindu. The initiative is jointly implemented by the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, along with national and state disaster management authorities. The exercise commenced at nine thirty a.m. when a tsunami alert was issued from the state authority to the district authority. Led by panchayat president, S. Jayasree, officials evacuated residents from the beach vicinity to a safe designated area near the Mukkumpuzha Devi temple. Vulnerable individuals received special attention from fire and rescue personnel and Aapda Mitra volunteers before evacuees were shifted to a relief camp at the Doctor V. V. Velukutty Arayan Government Regional Fisheries Technical High School supported by a medical team. The coastal security drill prepares local residents across three wards for tsunami emergencies ahead of international certification.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

numeric_preservation: score=0.57 {'total': 7, 'missing': ['29', '2026', '07']}; sentence_length_dist: score=0.97 {'n': 11, 'p50': 14, 'p90': 26}

