═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. A Bangladesh court on Tuesday sentenced seven senior allies of ousted Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina to death in absentia.
2. The seven former Awami League officials were convicted of crimes against humanity for inciting killings during the 2024 protests.
3. Prosecutor Mohammad Aminul Islam welcomed the verdict by saying most of the charges had been proven beyond reasonable doubt.
4. The court ordered the seizure of half of the defendants' assets to provide compensation to families of victims.
5. The United Nations estimates that as many as 1,400 people were killed during the unrest in July and August 2024.
6. Former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina fled Bangladesh by helicopter for neighboring India on August 5, 2024.
7. Tuesday's verdict brings the total number of people convicted in trials connected with the 2024 uprising to 68.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

A Bangladesh court on Tuesday sentenced seven senior allies of ousted Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina to death in absentia. The seven former Awami League officials were convicted of crimes against humanity for inciting killings during the 2024 protests. Prosecutor Mohammad Aminul Islam welcomed the verdict by saying most of the charges had been proven beyond reasonable doubt. In addition to the death sentences, the court ordered the seizure of half of the defendants' assets to provide compensation to families of victims. The United Nations estimates that as many as 1,400 people were killed during the unrest in July and August 2024. Former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina previously fled Bangladesh by helicopter for neighboring India on August 5, 2024, ending more than 15 years in power. Tuesday's verdict brings the total number of people convicted in trials connected with the 2024 uprising to 68 according to reports.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

A Bangladesh court on Tuesday sentenced seven senior allies of ousted Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina to death in absentia. The seven former Awami League officials were convicted of crimes against humanity for inciting killings during the 2024 protests. Prosecutor Mohammad Aminul Islam welcomed the verdict by saying most of the charges had been proven beyond reasonable doubt. In addition to the death sentences, the court ordered the seizure of half of the defendants' assets to provide compensation to families of victims. The United Nations estimates that as many as 1,400 people were killed during the unrest in July and August 2024. Sheikh Hasina was herself convicted of crimes against humanity in November 2025 and sentenced to death in absentia for her role in the crackdown. Tuesday's verdict brings the total number of people convicted in trials connected with the 2024 uprising to 68 according to reports.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

The death sentences and asset seizures for senior allies further destabilize the Awami League while the United Nations tracks accountability for the uprising.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

A Bangladesh court on Tuesday sentenced seven senior allies of ousted Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina to death in absentia. Dw Top reports the seven former Awami League officials were convicted of crimes against humanity for inciting killings during the twenty twenty-four protests. Prosecutor Mohammad Aminul Islam welcomed the verdict by saying most of the charges had been proven beyond reasonable doubt. The court also ordered the seizure of half of the defendants assets to provide compensation to families of victims. The United Nations estimates that as many as one thousand four hundred people were killed during the unrest in July and August twenty twenty-four. Sheikh Hasina was herself convicted of crimes against humanity in November twenty twenty-five and sentenced to death in absentia for her role in the crackdown. Tuesday verdict brings the total number of people convicted in trials connected with the twenty twenty-four uprising to sixty-eight. The death sentences and asset seizures for senior allies further destabilize the Awami League while the United Nations tracks accountability for the uprising.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

A Bangladesh court on Tuesday sentenced seven senior allies of ousted Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina to death in absentia. Dw Top reports the seven former Awami League officials were convicted of crimes against humanity for inciting killings during the twenty twenty-four protests. Prosecutor Mohammad Aminul Islam welcomed the verdict by saying most of the charges had been proven beyond reasonable doubt. The court also ordered the seizure of half of the defendants assets to provide compensation to families of victims. The United Nations estimates that as many as one thousand four hundred people were killed during the unrest in July and August twenty twenty-four. Sheikh Hasina was herself convicted of crimes against humanity in November twenty twenty-five and sentenced to death in absentia for her role in the crackdown. Tuesday verdict brings the total number of people convicted in trials connected with the twenty twenty-four uprising to sixty-eight. The death sentences and asset seizures for senior allies further destabilize the Awami League while the United Nations tracks accountability for the uprising.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

numeric_preservation: score=0.71 {'total': 7, 'missing': ['15', '78']}; sentence_length_dist: score=0.90 {'n': 8, 'p50': 23, 'p90': 25}

