═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. India is deeply concerned by blockades in the Bab-el-Mandeb and Hormuz straits.
2. External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Randhir Jaiswal spoke at a press briefing on Tuesday September 15 2026.
3. More than 2.4 million Indians live and work in Saudi Arabia amid Houthi attacks.
4. A ship carrying 14 Indian seafarers was targeted off the Oman coast on Sunday.
5. Omani authorities are helping with search operations for a missing Indian seafarer after the attack.
6. We deeply thank the Omani authorities for rescuing our nationals said Randhir Jaiswal.
7. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping met on the sidelines of the BRICS Summit.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

India is deeply concerned by blockades in the Bab-el-Mandeb and Hormuz straits as announced by the Ministry of External Affairs on Tuesday September 15 2026. More than 2.4 million Indians live and work in Saudi Arabia while several regional cities remain on alert due to ongoing attacks. A ship carrying 14 Indian seafarers was targeted off the Oman coast on Sunday. Omani authorities are assisting with search operations for a missing Indian seafarer after the vessel carrying 23 crew members was hit. Ministry spokesperson Randhir Jaiswal stated we deeply thank the Omani authorities for rescuing our nationals and our embassy in Muscat is in close touch. The developments were discussed when External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar and Saudi Foreign Minister Faisal bin Farhan Al Saud met during the BRICS Summit in Delhi. Prime Minister Narendra Modi also met with Chinese President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the summit to discuss mutual concerns and regional stability. This situation matters because it threatens the safety of millions of citizens abroad regional stability freedom of navigation and vital international commerce waterways.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

India is “deeply concerned” by the blockades in the Bab-el-Mandeb Strait and the Strait of Hormuz, the Ministry of External Affairs said on Tuesday (September 15, 2026). More than 2.4 million Indians live and work in Saudi Arabia while several regional cities remain on alert due to ongoing attacks. A ship carrying 14 Indian seafarers was targeted off the Oman coast on Sunday. Omani authorities are assisting with search operations for a missing Indian seafarer after the vessel carrying 23 crew members was hit. Ministry spokesperson Randhir Jaiswal stated we deeply thank the Omani authorities for rescuing our nationals and our embassy in Muscat is in close touch. The developments were discussed when External Affairs Minister S. Jaishankar and Saudi Foreign Minister Faisal bin Farhan Al Saud met during the BRICS Summit in Delhi. Prime Minister Narendra Modi also met with Chinese President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the summit to discuss mutual concerns and regional stability. This situation matters because it threatens the safety of millions of citizens abroad regional stability freedom of navigation and vital international commerce waterways.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

Blockades threaten the safety of millions of citizens abroad, regional stability, freedom of navigation, and vital international commerce waterways.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

India is deeply concerned by blockades in the Bab-el-Mandeb Strait and the Strait of Hormuz, the Ministry of External Affairs said on Tuesday, September fifteenth, twenty twenty-six, according to The Hindu. More than two point four million Indians live and work in Saudi Arabia while several regional cities remain on alert due to ongoing attacks. A ship carrying fourteen Indian seafarers was targeted off the Oman coast on Sunday. Omani authorities are assisting with search operations for a missing Indian seafarer after the vessel carrying twenty-three crew members was hit. Ministry spokesperson Randhir Jaiswal stated we deeply thank the Omani authorities for rescuing our nationals and our embassy in Muscat is in close touch. Blockades threaten the safety of millions of citizens abroad, regional stability, freedom of navigation, and vital international commerce waterways.

The developments were discussed when External Affairs Minister S. Jaishankar and Saudi Foreign Minister Faisal bin Farhan Al Saud met during the B. R. I. C. S. Summit in Delhi. Prime Minister Narendra Modi also met with Chinese President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the summit to discuss mutual concerns and regional stability.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

India is deeply concerned by blockades in the Bab-el-Mandeb Strait and the Strait of Hormuz, the Ministry of External Affairs said on Tuesday, September fifteenth, twenty twenty-six, according to The Hindu. More than two point four million Indians live and work in Saudi Arabia while several regional cities remain on alert due to ongoing attacks. A ship carrying fourteen Indian seafarers was targeted off the Oman coast on Sunday. Omani authorities are assisting with search operations for a missing Indian seafarer after the vessel carrying twenty-three crew members was hit. Ministry spokesperson Randhir Jaiswal stated we deeply thank the Omani authorities for rescuing our nationals and our embassy in Muscat is in close touch. Blockades threaten the safety of millions of citizens abroad, regional stability, freedom of navigation, and vital international commerce waterways.

The developments were discussed when External Affairs Minister S. Jai-shun-kur and Saudi Foreign Minister Faisal bin Farhan Al Saud met during the B. R. I. C. S. Summit in Delhi. Prime Minister Nuh-ren-druh Moe-dee also met with Chinese President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the summit to discuss mutual concerns and regional stability.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

numeric_preservation: score=0.75 {'total': 8, 'missing': ['13', '09']}

