═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. A US federal judge temporarily blocked a Trump administration rule replacing the duration of status system for foreign students with fixed-term admissions.
2. Massachusetts District Judge F. Dennis Saylor IV issued the ruling just a day before the Department of Homeland Security rule was scheduled to take effect.
3. The judge wrote that the damage to the higher education system and to the economy of the United States is likely to be catastrophic.
4. The Open Doors 2025 report cited in the case material showed that 363,019 Indian students were enrolled during the 2024-25 academic year.
5. Indian students account for nearly 31 percent of all international students in the country, making any change to the visa system particularly important.
6. The blocked rule would have generally limited F-1 and J-1 admissions to the length of the programme, subject to a maximum of four years.
7. Harvard President Alan Garber questioned the four-year limit by noting that a typical PhD can take at least six years.
8. The ruling provides temporary relief to international students while the underlying legal challenge continues through the courts.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

A US federal judge temporarily blocked a Trump administration rule replacing the duration of status system for foreign students with fixed-term admissions. Massachusetts District Judge F. Dennis Saylor IV issued the ruling just a day before the Department of Homeland Security rule was scheduled to take effect. The judge wrote that the damage to the higher education system and to the economy of the United States is likely to be catastrophic. The Open Doors 2025 report cited in the case material showed that 363,019 Indian students were enrolled during the 2024-25 academic year. Indian students account for nearly 31 percent of all international students in the country, making any change to the visa system particularly important. The blocked rule would have generally limited F-1 and J-1 admissions to the length of the programme, subject to a maximum of four years. Harvard President Alan Garber questioned the four-year limit by noting that a typical PhD can take at least six years. The ruling provides temporary relief to international students while the underlying legal challenge continues through the courts. This news matters because it prevents immediate disruptions for hundreds of thousands of foreign scholars and academic institutions nationwide. Students who are already in the country can continue to operate under the existing framework for now, rather than being immediately pushed into the new extension system. The decision temporarily prevents the new system from taking effect across more than 5,000 higher education institutions operating across the United States. However, the ruling is a preliminary injunction, meaning the underlying legal battle is still underway and rules could change depending on the final outcome.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (8/8). Missing: none

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

The preliminary injunction protects hundreds of thousands of Indian students from sudden immigration changes while their legal challenges continue through the courts.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

A United States federal judge temporarily blocked a Trump administration rule replacing the duration of status system for foreign students. Massachusetts District Judge F. Dennis Saylor the fourth issued the ruling just a day before the Department of Homeland Security rule was scheduled to take effect, Livemint reports. The judge wrote that the damage to the higher education system and to the economy of the United States is likely to be catastrophic. The Open Doors twenty twenty-five report cited in the case material showed that three hundred sixty-three thousand and nineteen Indian students were enrolled during the twenty twenty-four to twenty twenty-five academic year. Indian students account for nearly thirty-one percent of all international students in the country. The blocked rule would have generally limited F-one and J-one admissions to the length of the programme subject to a maximum of four years. Harvard President Alan Garber questioned the four-year limit by noting that a typical P. H. D. can take at least six years. The preliminary injunction protects hundreds of thousands of Indian students from sudden immigration changes while their legal challenges continue through the courts.

The ruling provides temporary relief to international students while the underlying legal challenge continues through the courts. Students who are already in the country can continue to operate under the existing framework for now. The decision temporarily prevents the new system from taking effect across more than five thousand higher education institutions operating across the United States. The ruling is a preliminary injunction, meaning the underlying legal battle is still underway and rules could change depending on the final outcome.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

A United States federal judge temporarily blocked a Trump administration rule replacing the duration of status system for foreign students. Massachusetts District Judge F. Dennis Saylor the fourth issued the ruling just a day before the Department of Homeland Security rule was scheduled to take effect, Livemint reports. The judge wrote that the damage to the higher education system and to the economy of the United States is likely to be catastrophic. The Open Doors twenty twenty-five report cited in the case material showed that three hundred sixty-three thousand and nineteen Indian students were enrolled during the twenty twenty-four to twenty twenty-five academic year. Indian students account for nearly thirty-one percent of all international students in the country. The blocked rule would have generally limited F-one and J-one admissions to the length of the programme subject to a maximum of four years. Harvard President Alan Garber questioned the four-year limit by noting that a typical P. H. D. can take at least six years. The preliminary injunction protects hundreds of thousands of Indian students from sudden immigration changes while their legal challenges continue through the courts.

The ruling provides temporary relief to international students while the underlying legal challenge continues through the courts. Students who are already in the country can continue to operate under the existing framework for now. The decision temporarily prevents the new system from taking effect across more than five thousand higher education institutions operating across the United States. The ruling is a preliminary injunction, meaning the underlying legal battle is still underway and rules could change depending on the final outcome.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (8/8). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

numeric_preservation: score=0.75 {'total': 12, 'missing': ['240', '90', '600']}

