═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. NASA has selected 12 new investigations to help support human explorers in space.
2. Six investigations will advance the ability to produce food off-planet through Space Crops grants.
3. Another six investigations focus on precision health to understand space exploration impacts on astronaut physiology.
4. More than $7 million in grant money will be awarded throughout fiscal years 2026-2030.
5. The awards were made in response to research proposals submitted to ROSES-2024 Program Element E.9.
6. Principal investigators come from 10 institutions across eight states.
7. Nine of the awards are for investigators receiving funding from the Space Biology Program for the first time.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

NASA has selected 12 new investigations to help support human explorers in space. Six of these projects will help advance the ability to produce food off planet, supported by the agency’s Space Crops grants. Four of the space crops proposals focus on studies of edible plants and how their growth is affected by environmental conditions in space or on other planetary bodies. Another proposal involves understanding mechanisms by which resurrection plants withstand extreme, dry conditions, while the final space crops proposal uncovers functions of algal genes modified by spaceflight. The second set of six proposals fall under the Biological and Physical Sciences Division focus on precision health, seeking to unravel the mechanisms by which space exploration affects health and well-being. These include studies on how lunar dust exposure impacts respiratory and immune responses, as well as identifying repurposed drugs that mitigate health effects from space travel. Additional research looks at how radiation combined with other stressors affects age-relevant characteristics across various organ systems. When fully implemented, more than $7 million in grant money will be awarded throughout fiscal years 2026 through 2030. These awards were made in response to research proposals submitted to ROSES-2024 Program Element E.9 for Space Biology Research Studies. The principal investigators conducting these space biology studies come from 10 institutions across eight states. Furthermore, nine of the awards are going to investigators who are receiving funding from the Space Biology Program for the very first time. This research is designed to help NASA advance the fundamental scientific knowledge required to go farther and stay longer in space.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

NASA has selected 12 new investigations to help support human explorers in space. Six of these projects will help advance the ability to produce food off planet, supported by the agency’s Space Crops grants. Four of the space crops proposals focus on studies of edible plants and how their growth is affected by environmental conditions in space or on other planetary bodies. Another proposal involves understanding mechanisms by which resurrection plants withstand extreme, dry conditions, while the final space crops proposal uncovers functions of algal genes modified by spaceflight. The second set of six proposals fall under the Biological and Physical Sciences Division focus on precision health, seeking to unravel the mechanisms by which space exploration affects health and well-being. These include studies on how lunar dust exposure impacts respiratory and immune responses, as well as identifying repurposed drugs that mitigate health effects from space travel. Two more of the research proposals look at how radiation combined with other stressors affects age-relevant characteristics seen in various systems. When fully implemented, more than $7 million in grant money will be awarded throughout fiscal years 2026 through 2030. These awards were made in response to research proposals submitted to ROSES-2024: Program Element E.9: Space Biology Research Studies. The principal investigators conducting these space biology studies come from 10 institutions across eight states. Nine of the awards are for investigators who are receiving funding from the Space Biology Program for the first time. This research is designed to help NASA advance the fundamental scientific knowledge required to go farther and stay longer in space.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

NASA has selected 12 new investigations to help support human explorers in space. Six of these projects will help advance the ability to produce food off planet, supported by the agency’s Space Crops grants. Four of the space crops proposals focus on studies of edible plants and how their growth is affected by environmental conditions in space or on other planetary bodies. Another proposal involves understanding mechanisms by which resurrection plants withstand extreme, dry conditions, while the final space crops proposal uncovers functions of algal genes modified by spaceflight. The second set of six proposals fall under the Biological and Physical Sciences Division focus on precision health, seeking to unravel the mechanisms by which space exploration affects health and well-being. These include studies on how lunar dust exposure impacts respiratory and immune responses, as well as identifying repurposed drugs that mitigate health effects from space travel. Two more of the research proposals look at how radiation combined with other stressors affects age-relevant characteristics seen in various systems. When fully implemented, more than $7 million in grant money will be awarded throughout fiscal years 2026 through 2030. The principal investigators conducting these space biology studies come from 10 institutions across eight states. Nine of the awards are for investigators who are receiving funding from the Space Biology Program for the first time. This research is designed to help NASA advance the fundamental scientific knowledge required to go farther and stay longer in space.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

The seven million dollar research investment advances life support systems and health countermeasures needed for long duration human space exploration.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has selected twelve new investigations to support human explorers in space. Nasa Breaking reports that six of these projects advance food production off planet using Space Crops grants. Four space crops proposals study edible plants and how environmental conditions affect their growth in space or on other planets. Another proposal examines resurrection plants and how they withstand extreme dry conditions. The final space crops proposal uncovers functions of algal genes modified by spaceflight. A second set of six proposals focuses on precision health and how space exploration affects well being. These include studies on lunar dust impacts on respiratory and immune responses alongside repurposed drugs to mitigate health effects. Two more proposals look at how radiation combined with other stressors affects age relevant characteristics across various systems. The agency will award more than seven million dollars in grant money throughout fiscal years twenty twenty-six through twenty thirty. Principal investigators come from ten institutions across eight states with nine awards going to first time recipients. The seven million dollar research investment advances life support systems and health countermeasures needed for long duration human space exploration.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has selected twelve new investigations to support human explorers in space. Nasa Breaking reports that six of these projects advance food production off planet using Space Crops grants. Four space crops proposals study edible plants and how environmental conditions affect their growth in space or on other planets. Another proposal examines resurrection plants and how they withstand extreme dry conditions. The final space crops proposal uncovers functions of algal genes modified by spaceflight. A second set of six proposals focuses on precision health and how space exploration affects well being. These include studies on lunar dust impacts on respiratory and immune responses alongside repurposed drugs to mitigate health effects. Two more proposals look at how radiation combined with other stressors affects age relevant characteristics across various systems. The agency will award more than seven million dollars in grant money throughout fiscal years twenty twenty-six through twenty thirty. Principal investigators come from ten institutions across eight states with nine awards going to first time recipients. The seven million dollar research investment advances life support systems and health countermeasures needed for long duration human space exploration.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

numeric_preservation: score=0.71 {'total': 14, 'missing': ['0', '22', '038', '3']}

