═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Africa's richest person Aliko Dangote could add twenty three billion dollars to his net worth.
2. The Dangote Petroleum Refinery and Petrochemicals flotation takes place on Monday on the Nigerian exchange.
3. The initial public offering requires a minimum subscription of just ten shares at five thousand two hundred fifty naira.
4. The share purchase process finishes on thirteen October.
5. The refinery's value is expected to rise to about sixty five trillion naira if completely subscribed.
6. The twenty billion dollar Dangote refinery on the outskirts of Lagos opened in January twenty twenty four.
7. Aliko Dangote framed the offering as an IPO for the people to draw in a broad mix of investors.
8. Aliko Dangote stated that we must be bold and lead the change to develop our economies.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Africa's richest person Aliko Dangote could add twenty three billion dollars to his net worth during the flotation of Dangote Petroleum Refinery and Petrochemicals on the Nigerian exchange on Monday. The initial public offering requires a minimum subscription of just ten shares at five thousand two hundred fifty naira with the share purchase process finishing on thirteen October. If completely subscribed the refinery's value is expected to rise to about sixty five trillion naira. The twenty billion dollar Dangote refinery on the outskirts of Lagos opened in January twenty twenty four and made Nigeria a net exporter of refined fuel. Aliko Dangote framed the offering as an IPO for the people to draw in a broad mix of investors and help build wealth and grow the economy. Aliko Dangote stated at an IPO signing ceremony in Lagos on seven September that we must be bold and lead the change to develop our economies. Fellow Nigerian billionaire Tony Elumelu called the event a landmark moment for Nigeria and a huge milestone for Africa.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (8/8). Missing: none

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

The refinery offering on the Nigerian exchange could add twenty-three billion dollars to Aliko Dangote's net worth and boost local wealth.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Africa's richest person Aliko Dangote could add twenty-three billion dollars to his net worth during the flotation of Dangote Petroleum Refinery and Petrochemicals on the Nigerian exchange on Monday. Guardian World reports that the initial public offering requires a minimum subscription of just ten shares at five thousand two hundred fifty naira with the share purchase process finishing on thirteen October. If completely subscribed the refinery's value is expected to rise to about sixty-five trillion naira. The twenty billion dollar Dangote refinery on the outskirts of Lagos opened in January twenty twenty-four and made Nigeria a net exporter of refined fuel. Aliko Dangote framed the offering as an initial public offering for the people to draw in a broad mix of investors and help build wealth and grow the economy. Aliko Dangote stated at an initial public offering signing ceremony in Lagos on seven September that we must be bold and lead the change to develop our economies. Fellow Nigerian billionaire Tony Elumelu called the event a landmark moment for Nigeria and a huge milestone for Africa. The refinery offering on the Nigerian exchange could add twenty-three billion dollars to Aliko Dangote's net worth and boost local wealth.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Africa's richest person Aliko Dangote could add twenty-three billion dollars to his net worth during the flotation of Dangote Petroleum Refinery and Petrochemicals on the Nigerian exchange on Monday. Guardian World reports that the initial public offering requires a minimum subscription of just ten shares at five thousand two hundred fifty naira with the share purchase process finishing on thirteen October. If completely subscribed the refinery's value is expected to rise to about sixty-five trillion naira. The twenty billion dollar Dangote refinery on the outskirts of Lagos opened in January twenty twenty-four and made Nigeria a net exporter of refined fuel. Aliko Dangote framed the offering as an initial public offering for the people to draw in a broad mix of investors and help build wealth and grow the economy. Aliko Dangote stated at an initial public offering signing ceremony in Lagos on seven September that we must be bold and lead the change to develop our economies. Fellow Nigerian billionaire Tony Elumelu called the event a landmark moment for Nigeria and a huge milestone for Africa. The refinery offering on the Nigerian exchange could add twenty-three billion dollars to Aliko Dangote's net worth and boost local wealth.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (8/8). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

numeric_preservation: score=0.73 {'total': 11, 'missing': ['69', '36', '108']}; sentence_length_dist: score=0.50 {'n': 8, 'p50': 28, 'p90': 32}

