═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Sen. Bernie Sanders and Steve Bannon are joining forces at the Pro-Human Assembly in Washington, D.C.
2. The Supreme Court blocked Trump's efforts to impose new mail-in voting restrictions before the midterm elections.
3. The Kennedy Center faces bankruptcy and might close as soon as today according to its board.
4. Matthew Rhys won lead actor in two different categories at the Emmys, becoming the first to do so.
5. The Trump administration's Justice Department is investigating Evanston, Ill., accusing it of racial discrimination over its reparations program.
6. Prolific costume and fashion designer Bob Mackie died of pneumonia in Palm Springs, Calif., on Monday at age 87.
7. Mitch McConnell returned to the Senate yesterday after a months-long medical absence stemming from a fall.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Trump strategist Steve Bannon are joining forces across their political poles today at the Pro-Human Assembly in Washington, D.C., to address concerns about artificial intelligence. The Supreme Court has blocked Trump's efforts to impose new mail-in voting restrictions before the midterm elections, ensuring that the U.S. Postal Service will continue delivering ballots as usual. Voting by mail has already started in states like Alabama, North Carolina and Wisconsin. The Kennedy Center's board says that the arts institution faces bankruptcy and might close as soon as today, with a status hearing set by Judge Christopher Cooper overseeing a lawsuit from Rep. Joyce Beatty seeking to halt the center's renaming to honor Trump. Matthew Rhys pulled off a double play at the Emmys by winning lead actor in the limited series category for The Beast in Me and in the comedy series category for Widow's Bay, making him the first actor to ever win lead performance awards in two different categories in the same year. Meanwhile, the Trump administration's Justice Department is investigating Evanston, Illinois, accusing it of racial discrimination over its reparations program that has provided more than 300 individuals with 25,000 dollar grants to compensate for past housing segregation. In other news, prolific costume and fashion designer Bob Mackie died of pneumonia in Palm Springs, California, on Monday at the age of 87, and Mitch McConnell returned to the Senate yesterday after a months-long medical absence stemming from a fall.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Trump strategist Steve Bannon are joining forces across their political poles today at the Pro-Human Assembly in Washington, D.C., to address concerns about artificial intelligence. The Supreme Court has blocked Trump's efforts to impose new mail-in voting restrictions before the midterm elections, ensuring that the U.S. Postal Service will continue delivering ballots as usual. Voting by mail has already started in states like Alabama, North Carolina and Wisconsin. The Kennedy Center's board says that the arts institution faces bankruptcy and might close as soon as today, with a status hearing set by Judge Christopher Cooper overseeing a lawsuit from Rep. Joyce Beatty seeking to halt the center's renaming to honor Trump. Matthew Rhys pulled off a double play at the Emmys by winning lead actor in the limited series category for The Beast in Me and in the comedy series category for Widow's Bay, making him the first actor to ever win lead performance awards in two different categories in the same year. Meanwhile, the Trump administration's Justice Department is investigating Evanston, Illinois, accusing it of racial discrimination in a lawsuit joined over the city's reparations program. In other news, the Trump administration is repealing limits on greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel-fired power plants, eliminating Environmental Protection Agency rules from the Biden administration.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Trump strategist Steve Bannon are joining forces across their political poles today at the Pro-Human Assembly in Washington, D.C., to address concerns about artificial intelligence. The Supreme Court has blocked Trump's efforts to impose new mail-in voting restrictions before the midterm elections, ensuring that the U.S. Postal Service will continue delivering ballots as usual. Voting by mail has already started in states like Alabama, North Carolina and Wisconsin. The Kennedy Center's board says that the arts institution faces bankruptcy and might close as soon as today, with a status hearing set by Judge Christopher Cooper overseeing a lawsuit from Rep. Joyce Beatty seeking to halt the center's renaming to honor Trump. Matthew Rhys pulled off a double play at the Emmys by winning lead actor in the limited series category for The Beast in Me and in the comedy series category for Widow's Bay, making him the first actor to ever win lead performance awards in two different categories in the same year. In other news, the Trump administration is repealing limits on greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel-fired power plants, eliminating Environmental Protection Agency rules from the Biden administration.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

57% covered (4/7). Missing: The Trump administration's Justice Department is investigating Evanston, Ill., accusing it of racial discrimination over its reparations program.; Prolific costume and fashion designer Bob Mackie died of pneumonia in Palm Springs, Calif., on Monday at age 87.; Mitch McConnell returned to the Senate yesterday after a months-long medical absence stemming from a fall.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Trump strategist Steve Bannon are joining forces across their political poles today at the Pro-Human Assembly in Washington, D.C., to address concerns about artificial intelligence. The Supreme Court has blocked Trump's efforts to impose new mail-in voting restrictions before the midterm elections, ensuring that the U.S. Postal Service will continue delivering ballots as usual. Voting by mail has already started in states like Alabama, North Carolina and Wisconsin. The Kennedy Center's board says that the arts institution faces bankruptcy and might close as soon as today, with a status hearing set by Judge Christopher Cooper overseeing a lawsuit from Rep. Joyce Beatty seeking to halt the center's renaming to honor Trump. Matthew Rhys pulled off a double play at the Emmys by winning lead actor in the limited series category for The Beast in Me and in the comedy series category for Widow's Bay, making him the first actor to ever win lead performance awards in two different categories in the same year. The Trump administration's Justice Department is investigating Evanston, Ill., accusing it of racial discrimination over its reparations program. Prolific costume and fashion designer Bob Mackie died of pneumonia in Palm Springs, Calif., on Monday at age 87. Mitch McConnell returned to the Senate yesterday after a months-long medical absence stemming from a fall. In other news, the Trump administration is repealing limits on greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel-fired power plants, eliminating Environmental Protection Agency rules from the Biden administration.

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

NONE — content-thin, no stakes inferable

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Senator Bernie Sanders and former strategist Steve Bannon joined forces at the Pro-Human Assembly in Washington, D. C., to address concerns about artificial intelligence. The Supreme Court blocked efforts to impose new mail-in voting restrictions before the midterm elections, ensuring the U. S. Postal Service will continue delivering ballots as usual, Npr News reports. Voting by mail has already started in states like Alabama, North Carolina, and Wisconsin. The Kennedy Center board says the arts institution faces bankruptcy and might close as soon as today, with a status hearing set by Judge Christopher Cooper overseeing a lawsuit from Representative Joyce Beatty seeking to halt the center renaming to honor Trump. Matthew Rhys pulled off a double play at the Emmys by winning lead actor in the limited series category for The Beast in Me and in the comedy series category for Widow's Bay, making him the first actor to ever win lead performance awards in two different categories in the same year. The Justice Department is investigating Evanston, Illinois, accusing it of racial discrimination over its reparations program. Costume and fashion designer Bob Mackie died of pneumonia in Palm Springs, California, on Monday at age eighty-seven. Mitch McConnell returned to the Senate yesterday after a months-long medical absence stemming from a fall. The administration is repealing limits on greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel-fired power plants, eliminating Environmental Protection Agency rules from the prior administration.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Senator Bernie Sanders and former strategist Steve Bannon joined forces at the Pro-Human Assembly in Washington, D. C., to address concerns about artificial intelligence. The Supreme Court blocked efforts to impose new mail-in voting restrictions before the midterm elections, ensuring the U. S. Postal Service will continue delivering ballots as usual, Npr News reports. Voting by mail has already started in states like Alabama, North Carolina, and Wisconsin. The Kennedy Center board says the arts institution faces bankruptcy and might close as soon as today, with a status hearing set by Judge Christopher Cooper overseeing a lawsuit from Representative Joyce Beatty seeking to halt the center renaming to honor Trump. Matthew Rhys pulled off a double play at the Emmys by winning lead actor in the limited series category for The Beast in Me and in the comedy series category for Widow's Bay, making him the first actor to ever win lead performance awards in two different categories in the same year. The Justice Department is investigating Evanston, Illinois, accusing it of racial discrimination over its reparations program. Costume and fashion designer Bob Mackie died of pneumonia in Palm Springs, California, on Monday at age eighty-seven. Mitch McConnell returned to the Senate yesterday after a months-long medical absence stemming from a fall. The administration is repealing limits on greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel-fired power plants, eliminating Environmental Protection Agency rules from the prior administration.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

numeric_preservation: score=0.11 {'total': 9, 'missing': ['1921', '25000', '1919', '2019', '1969', '300', '20', '3']}; sentence_length_dist: score=0.43 {'n': 12, 'p50': 17, 'p90': 42}; attribution_present: score=0.00 {'source_name': 'Npr News', 'in_first_3_sentences': False}

