═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Bending Spoons is acquiring workplace collaboration platform Miro in a $1.36 billion all-cash deal.
2. The transaction carries an enterprise value of $1.355 billion with an equity value of roughly $1.79 billion.
3. Some Miro shareholders have agreed to reinvest $295 million of their proceeds into newly issued Bending Spoons equity.
4. The deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2026 pending regulatory approvals.
5. Miro has around $600 million in annual recurring revenue with nearly 90 percent from business customers.
6. Bending Spoons CEO Luca Ferrari stated that it is a privilege to welcome a product integrated by over 250,000 organizations.
7. Miro CEO Andrey Khusid noted that the company started fifteen years ago to give teams one place to think together.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Bending Spoons is acquiring workplace collaboration platform Miro in a $1.36 billion all-cash deal announced Thursday. The transaction carries an enterprise value of $1.355 billion, while Miro’s net cash brings the implied equity value to roughly $1.79 billion. Some Miro shareholders have agreed to reinvest $295 million of their proceeds into newly issued Bending Spoons equity. The deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2026 pending regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Miro has around $600 million in annual recurring revenue, with nearly 90 percent coming from business and enterprise customers, across more than 250,000 organizations. Bending Spoons CEO and co-founder Luca Ferrari stated, It is a privilege, and no small responsibility, to welcome a product that over 250,000 organizations have integrated into their workflows. Miro CEO and co-founder Andrey Khusid noted, We started Miro fifteen years ago to give teams one place to think together and bring ideas to life. Bending Spoons continues its aggressive tech buying spree that already includes Airtable, Vimeo, Evernote, Eventbrite, AOL, Brightcove, and WeTransfer, building an unusual portfolio of widely known software brands.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 03c_WHY_MATTERS ═══

The billion dollar acquisition expands Bending Spoons into enterprise collaboration software, adding a quarter million corporate clients to their tech portfolio.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Bending Spoons is acquiring workplace collaboration platform Miro in a one point three six billion dollar all cash deal announced Thursday. Tldr Design reports that the transaction carries an enterprise value of one point three five five billion dollars, while Miro net cash brings the implied equity value to roughly one point seven nine billion dollars. Some Miro shareholders have agreed to reinvest two hundred ninety-five million dollars of their proceeds into newly issued Bending Spoons equity. The deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter of twenty twenty-six pending regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Miro has around six hundred million dollars in annual recurring revenue, with nearly ninety percent coming from business and enterprise customers across more than two hundred fifty thousand organizations. Bending Spoons chief executive officer and co-founder, Luca Ferrari stated, It is a privilege and no small responsibility to welcome a product that over two hundred fifty thousand organizations have integrated into their workflows. Miro chief executive officer and co-founder, Andrey Khusid noted, We started Miro fifteen years ago to give teams one place to think together and bring ideas to life. Bending Spoons continues its aggressive tech buying spree that already includes Airtable, Vimeo, Evernote, Eventbrite, A. O. L., Brightcove, and WeTransfer, building an unusual portfolio of widely known software brands. The billion dollar acquisition expands Bending Spoons into enterprise collaboration software, adding a quarter million corporate clients to their tech portfolio.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Bending Spoons is acquiring workplace collaboration platform Miro in a one point three six billion dollar all cash deal announced Thursday. Tldr Design reports that the transaction carries an enterprise value of one point three five five billion dollars, while Miro net cash brings the implied equity value to roughly one point seven nine billion dollars. Some Miro shareholders have agreed to reinvest two hundred ninety-five million dollars of their proceeds into newly issued Bending Spoons equity. The deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter of twenty twenty-six pending regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Miro has around six hundred million dollars in annual recurring revenue, with nearly ninety percent coming from business and enterprise customers across more than two hundred fifty thousand organizations. Bending Spoons chief executive officer and co-founder, Luca Ferrari stated, It is a privilege and no small responsibility to welcome a product that over two hundred fifty thousand organizations have integrated into their workflows. Miro chief executive officer and co-founder, Andrey Khusid noted, We started Miro fifteen years ago to give teams one place to think together and bring ideas to life. Bending Spoons continues its aggressive tech buying spree that already includes Airtable, Vimeo, Evernote, Eventbrite, A. O. L., Brightcove, and WeTransfer, building an unusual portfolio of widely known software brands. The billion dollar acquisition expands Bending Spoons into enterprise collaboration software, adding a quarter million corporate clients to their tech portfolio.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (7/7). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

numeric_preservation: score=0.92 {'total': 13, 'missing': ['750']}; sentence_length_dist: score=0.67 {'n': 11, 'p50': 21, 'p90': 34}

