═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Berlin Brandenburg Airport Terminal 1 reopened on Thursday evening following an earlier evacuation due to a security scare.
2. Federal police evacuated BER Terminal 1 at around 5:45 p.m. after a woman claimed she had a dangerous substance.
3. Police gave the all-clear at around 8:45 p.m. and confirmed that nobody had been in danger at any point.
4. An airport spokeswoman stated that the police operation ended.
5. Operations at BER remained restricted on Thursday evening with delays and some cancellations expected until the end of the day.
6. Regular operations are scheduled to resume on Friday following the earlier security scare.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Terminal 1 at Berlin Brandenburg Airport was reopened on Thursday evening after federal police evacuated the building at around 5:45 p.m. following a security scare. An unidentified woman reportedly told security staff at a service point that she had a dangerous substance in her luggage, and a police spokesperson told the dpa news agency that a potential threat from the substance could not be ruled out. Police gave the all-clear at around 8:45 p.m., confirming that nobody had been in danger at any point, though analysis results for the substance are expected in the coming days. An airport spokeswoman stated that the police operation had ended. Despite the reopening, operations remained restricted on Thursday evening with delays and some cancellations expected until the end of the day. Flights were not stopped entirely, and incoming arrivals and prepared departures continued, while passenger processing was partially relocated to Terminal 2. An airport press officer told DW that around 30 flights had been delayed. The incident also temporarily disrupted the city S-Bahn train service and Deutsche Bahn regional trains. Regular operations are scheduled to resume on Friday.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Terminal one at Berlin Brandenburg Airport reopened on Thursday evening. Federal police had evacuated the building at around five forty-five p.m. following a security scare.

An unidentified woman reportedly told security staff at a service point that she had a dangerous substance in her luggage. A police spokesperson told the dpa news agency that a potential threat from the substance could not be ruled out.

Police gave the all-clear at around eight forty-five p.m. They confirmed that nobody had been in danger at any point. Analysis results for the substance are expected in the coming days.

An airport spokeswoman stated that the police operation had ended. Despite the reopening, operations remained restricted on Thursday evening. Delays and some cancellations were expected until the end of the day.

Flights were not stopped entirely. Incoming arrivals and prepared departures continued. Passenger processing was partially relocated to Terminal two.

An airport press officer told D. W. that around thirty flights had been delayed. The incident also temporarily disrupted the city S-Bahn train service and Deutsche Bahn regional trains. Regular operations are scheduled to resume on Friday.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Terminal one at Berlin Brandenburg Airport reopened on Thursday evening. Federal police had evacuated the building at around five forty-five p.m. following a security scare. An unidentified woman reportedly told security staff at a service point that she had a dangerous substance in her luggage. A police spokesperson told the dpa news agency that a potential threat from the substance could not be ruled out. Police gave the all-clear at around eight forty-five p.m. They confirmed that nobody had been in danger at any point. Analysis results for the substance are expected in the coming days. An airport spokeswoman stated that the police operation had ended. Despite the reopening, operations remained restricted on Thursday evening. Delays and some cancellations were expected until the end of the day. Flights were not stopped entirely. Incoming arrivals and prepared departures continued. Passenger processing was partially relocated to Terminal two. An airport press officer told D. W. that around thirty flights had been delayed. The incident also temporarily disrupted the city S-Bahn train service and Deutsche Bahn regional trains. Regular operations are scheduled to resume on Friday.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: D. W., S-Bahn

