═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. In August, researchers highlighted the discovery of a new celestial object dubbed a black hole star.
2. Astronomers reviewing James Webb Space Telescope datasets in 2024 noticed hundreds of mysterious little red dots.
3. Scientists concluded the extremely red and bright dot is the size of a large star.
4. The black hole star produces far more energy than would be possible via nuclear fusion.
5. This unusual object produces energy comparable to what an active black hole would generate.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

Astronomers analyzing datasets from the James Webb Space Telescope have identified a newly discovered celestial object dubbed a black hole star. First detected in 2024 as part of a population of mysterious little red dots lurking in the early universe when it was just a few hundred million years old, the specific object initially baffled researchers because its properties failed to match any known astrophysical category. Scientists have now concluded that the object is the size of a large star but generates significantly more energy than nuclear fusion could produce, matching the output of an active black hole. Rohan Naidu of the University of Hawai'i provided image credit for the discovery.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Astronomers analyzing datasets from the James Webb Space Telescope have identified a newly discovered celestial object dubbed a black hole star. In 2024, researchers combing through telescope datasets noticed hundreds of mysterious little red dots lurking in the early universe when it was just a few hundred million years old. One such object in particular captured scientists' interest because its properties didn't fit with any known astrophysical object. Astronomers have now concluded that the object is the size of a large star but produces far more energy than would be possible via nuclear fusion, matching the output of an active black hole. Rohan Naidu of the University of Hawai'i provided image credit for the discovery.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Astronomers using the James Webb Space Telescope have found a new object called a black hole star. Back in twenty twenty-four, researchers looked at telescope data and saw hundreds of red dots. These dots were in the early universe when it was just a few hundred million years old. One special object caught their attention because it did not match any known things in space. Scientists now say this object is the size of a big star. It makes much more energy than normal stars can make. Its energy matches the power of an active black hole. , Rohan Naidu of the University of Hawai'i shared the image for this discovery.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Astronomers using the James Webb Space Telescope have found a new object called a black hole star. Back in twenty twenty-four, researchers looked at telescope data and saw hundreds of red dots. These dots were in the early universe when it was just a few hundred million years old. One special object caught their attention because it did not match any known things in space. Scientists now say this object is the size of a big star. It makes much more energy than normal stars can make. Its energy matches the power of an active black hole., Rohan Naidu of the University of Hawai'i shared the image for this discovery.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

100% covered (5/5). Missing: none

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: awkward punctuation

