═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Companies are on pace to spend $4.25 trillion on technology in 2026.
2. Madrona found that 74% of enterprise IT professionals plan to expand AI budgets.
3. About 77% of enterprises re-evaluate their AI vendors every six months or rolling basis.
4. This creates a fast in, fast out dynamic fundamentally different from traditional enterprise SaaS.
5. More than half of technical AI buyers want AI fees tied to work produced or outcomes.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

New research from venture capital firm Madrona reveals that 74 percent of 150 enterprise IT professionals surveyed plan to expand their AI budgets over the next 12 months, with the remainder holding spending steady. However, fewer than half of enterprise AI pilots reach full production, and 77 percent of enterprises re-evaluate their AI vendors every six months or on a rolling basis. Market researcher IDC predicts companies will spend $4.25 trillion on technology in 2026, driven almost entirely by AI. Madrona states in its report that this creates a fast in, fast out dynamic that differs fundamentally from traditional enterprise SaaS, where multi-year contracts provided a moat of inertia. In enterprise AI, switching costs are lower and the re-evaluation cadence is relentless. This frequent reassessment leaves startup annual recurring revenue insecure even after products graduate from the pilot phase. Compounding the challenge, research from Andreessen Horowitz surveying 50 technical AI buyers found that more than half want fees tied to work produced or other outcomes rather than token usage. According to a16z partners Tugce Erten and Sarah Wang, pricing around recognizable work makes the product economically valuable to both sides. While enterprises remain willing to try new technology, long-term revenue security from standard enterprise contracts has disappeared.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

New research from venture capital firm Madrona reveals that 74 percent of 150 enterprise IT professionals surveyed plan to expand their AI budgets over the next 12 months, with the remainder holding spending steady. However, fewer than half of enterprise AI pilots reach full production, and 77 percent of enterprises re-evaluate their AI vendors every six months or on a rolling basis. Market researcher IDC predicts companies will spend $4.25 trillion on technology in 2026, driven almost entirely by AI. Madrona states in its report that this creates a fast in, fast out dynamic that differs fundamentally from traditional enterprise SaaS, where multi-year contracts provided a moat of inertia. In enterprise AI, switching costs are lower and the re-evaluation cadence is relentless. This frequent reassessment leaves startup annual recurring revenue insecure even after products graduate from the pilot phase. Compounding the challenge, research from venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz surveying 50 technical AI buyers found that more than half want AI fees tied to the work produced or other outcomes, rather than usage like the number of tokens consumed. According to a16z partners Tugce Erten and Sarah Wang, pricing around recognizable work makes the product economically valuable to both sides. While enterprises remain willing to try new technology, long-term revenue security from standard enterprise contracts has disappeared.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

New research from venture capital firm Madrona reveals that 74 percent of 150 enterprise IT professionals surveyed plan to expand their AI budgets over the next 12 months, with the remainder holding spending steady. However, fewer than half of enterprise AI pilots reach full production, and 77 percent of enterprises re-evaluate their AI vendors every six months or on a rolling basis. Market researcher IDC predicts companies will spend $4.25 trillion on technology in 2026, driven almost entirely by AI. Madrona states in its report that this creates a fast in, fast out dynamic that differs fundamentally from traditional enterprise SaaS, where multi-year contracts provided a moat of inertia. In enterprise AI, switching costs are lower and the re-evaluation cadence is relentless. This frequent reassessment leaves startup annual recurring revenue insecure even after products graduate from the pilot phase. According to a16z partners Tugce Erten and Sarah Wang, pricing around recognizable work makes the product economically valuable to both sides. While enterprises remain willing to try new technology, long-term revenue security from standard enterprise contracts has disappeared.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

80% covered (4/5). Missing: More than half of technical AI buyers want AI fees tied to work produced or outcomes.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

New research from venture capital firm Madrona reveals that 74 percent of 150 enterprise IT professionals surveyed plan to expand their AI budgets over the next 12 months, with the remainder holding spending steady. However, fewer than half of enterprise AI pilots reach full production, and 77 percent of enterprises re-evaluate their AI vendors every six months or on a rolling basis. Market researcher IDC predicts companies will spend $4.25 trillion on technology in 2026, driven almost entirely by AI. Madrona states in its report that this creates a fast in, fast out dynamic that differs fundamentally from traditional enterprise SaaS, where multi-year contracts provided a moat of inertia. In enterprise AI, switching costs are lower and the re-evaluation cadence is relentless. This frequent reassessment leaves startup annual recurring revenue insecure even after products graduate from the pilot phase. More than half of technical AI buyers want AI fees tied to work produced or outcomes. According to a16z partners Tugce Erten and Sarah Wang, pricing around recognizable work makes the product economically valuable to both sides. While enterprises remain willing to try new technology, long-term revenue security from standard enterprise contracts has disappeared.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Seventy-four percent of one hundred fifty enterprise information technology professionals surveyed by venture capital firm Madrona plan to expand their artificial intelligence budgets over the next twelve months. The rest of the surveyed professionals plan to hold their spending steady. Fewer than half of enterprise artificial intelligence pilots ever reach full production. Seventy-seven percent of enterprises re-evaluate their artificial intelligence vendors every six months or on a rolling basis. Market researcher I. D. C. predicts companies will spend four point two five trillion dollars on technology in twenty twenty-six. That spending will be driven almost entirely by artificial intelligence. Madrona states in its report that this creates a fast in and fast out dynamic. This dynamic differs fundamentally from traditional enterprise software as a service. Traditional multi-year contracts used to provide a moat of inertia. Switching costs are lower in enterprise artificial intelligence and the re-evaluation cadence is relentless. This frequent reassessment leaves startup annual recurring revenue insecure even after products graduate from the pilot phase. More than half of technical artificial intelligence buyers want fees tied to work produced or outcomes. According to a. one. six. z. partners Tugce Erten, and Sarah Wang, pricing around recognizable work makes the product economically valuable to both sides. Enterprises remain willing to try new technology, but long-term revenue security from standard enterprise contracts has disappeared.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Seventy-four percent of one hundred fifty enterprise information technology professionals surveyed by venture capital firm Madrona plan to expand their artificial intelligence budgets over the next twelve months. The rest of the surveyed professionals plan to hold their spending steady. Fewer than half of enterprise artificial intelligence pilots ever reach full production. Seventy-seven percent of enterprises re-evaluate their artificial intelligence vendors every six months or on a rolling basis. Market researcher I. D. C. predicts companies will spend four point two five trillion dollars on technology in twenty twenty-six. That spending will be driven almost entirely by artificial intelligence. Madrona states in its report that this creates a fast in and fast out dynamic. This dynamic differs fundamentally from traditional enterprise software as a service. Traditional multi-year contracts used to provide a moat of inertia. Switching costs are lower in enterprise artificial intelligence and the re-evaluation cadence is relentless. This frequent reassessment leaves startup annual recurring revenue insecure even after products graduate from the pilot phase. More than half of technical artificial intelligence buyers want fees tied to work produced or outcomes. According to a. one. six. z. partners Tugce Erten, and Sarah Wang, pricing around recognizable work makes the product economically valuable to both sides. Enterprises remain willing to try new technology, but long-term revenue security from standard enterprise contracts has disappeared.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

SKIPPED: 429 RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED. {'error': {'code': 429, 'message': 'You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, head to: https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/rate-limits. To monitor your current usage, head to: https://ai.dev/rate-limit. \n* Quota exceeded for metric: generativelanguage.googleapis.com/generate_content_free_tier_requests, limit: 15, model: gemini-3.5-flash-lite\nPlease retry in 59.534589968s.', 'status': 'RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED', 'details': [{'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.Help', 'links': [{'description': 'Learn more about Gemini API quotas', 'url': 'https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/rate-limits'}]}, {'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.QuotaFailure', 'violations': [{'quotaMetric': 'generativelanguage.googleapis.com/generate_content_free_tier_requests', 'quotaId': 'GenerateRequestsPerMinutePerProjectPerModel-FreeTier', 'quotaDimensions': {'model': 'gemini-3.5-flash-lite', 'location': 'global'}, 'quotaValue': '15'}]}, {'@type': 'type.googleapis.com/google.rpc.RetryInfo', 'retryDelay': '59s'}]}}

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: I. D. C., a. one. six. z.

