═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. U.S. Energy Secretary Chris Wright stated that the United States may never reach a nuclear deal with Iran.
2. Wright said on ABC News that the administration may simply destroy Iran's nuclear capabilities instead.
3. Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf warned that any violation of Iranian interests will receive a faster and heavier response.
4. CENTCOM stated that U.S. forces struck three Iranian crude oil carriers in retaliation for missile attacks.
5. The conflict has sent energy prices soaring worldwide as the U.S. blockades Iranian oil exports.
6. Admiral Brad Cooper warned that shooting at U.S. ships results in higher economic costs for Iran.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

U.S. Energy Secretary Chris Wright said on Sunday that the United States may never reach a negotiated nuclear agreement with Iran as their conflict enters its seventh month. Speaking on ABC News This Week, Wright stated that an agreement might simply await the next administration in Iran, and that the U.S. may instead focus on destroying Iranian capabilities to build a nuclear weapon. Wright later told CBS Face the Nation that President Donald Trump still prefers a negotiated settlement unless a military solution is absolutely necessary, adding that the military's biggest role right now is strangling Iran's economy by stopping the export of crude products. 

The remarks follow U.S. Central Command strikes that permanently disabled two Iranian crude oil carriers off the coast of Kharg Island and near Jask, while a third tanker was attacked in the Gulf of Oman. CENTCOM stated the attacks were retaliation for Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ballistic missiles launched toward two Navy warships, which evaded the attack without U.S. casualties. Admiral Brad Cooper warned the IRGC that the U.S. will impose higher economic costs by destroying their oil fleet if they shoot at American ships. 

The conflict began on February 28 with American and Israeli airstrikes, and the U.S. blockade on Iranian oil exports that started in mid-April has effectively shut the Strait of Hormuz and sent global energy prices soaring. In response to recent U.S. attacks, Iranian parliament speaker Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf said Iran's proportionate responses are over and warned on Telegram that any violation of Iranian interests will receive a faster, heavier, and more painful response. Ghalibaf acknowledged severe economic pressures facing the country, including inflation, unemployment, and market management challenges. Iran's GDP is estimated to have contracted by 2.7% in the year ending March, with inflation surging to 62.2% in February according to the World Bank, while an Iranian official estimated the war has caused the loss of one million jobs.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

U.S. Energy Secretary Chris Wright said on Sunday that the United States may not reach an elusive deal to constrain Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon as their conflict enters its seventh month. Speaking on ABC News' "This Week," Wright stated that an agreement may simply await the next administration in Iran, and that the U.S. may instead focus on destroying their capabilities to do it. Wright later told CBS' "Face the Nation" that President Donald Trump's preference is always to have a negotiated settlement and not use a military solution unless absolutely necessary, adding that the biggest role of the military in the region right now is to stop the export of any Iranian crude or crude-related products to strangle their economy. 

The remarks follow U.S. Central Command strikes that permanently disabled one Iranian crude oil carrier off the coast of Kharg Island and one near Jask, while another oil tanker was attacked in the Gulf of Oman. CENTCOM stated the attacks were retaliation for Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ballistic missiles launched toward two Navy warships, which successfully evaded the attacks without U.S. casualties. Admiral Brad Cooper warned the IRGC that the U.S. will impose an even higher economic cost by taking out three of their ships if they shoot at two American ships. 

The conflict began on February 28 with American and Israeli airstrikes, and the U.S. blockade on Iranian oil exports that started in mid-April has effectively shut the Strait of Hormuz and sent global energy prices soaring. In response to recent attacks, Iranian parliament speaker Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf said Iran's proportionate responses are over and warned on Telegram that any violation of Iranian interests and security will receive a faster, heavier, and more painful response. Ghalibaf acknowledged severe economic pressures facing the country, noting that severe fluctuations in the exchange rate, inflation, unemployment, and market management have put serious pressure on people's livelihoods.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

U.S. Energy Secretary Chris Wright said on Sunday that the United States may not reach an elusive deal to constrain Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon as their conflict enters its seventh month. may instead focus on destroying their capabilities to do it. Wright later told CBS' "Face the Nation" that President Donald Trump's preference is always to have a negotiated settlement and not use a military solution unless absolutely necessary, adding that the biggest role of the military in the region right now is to stop the export of any Iranian crude or crude-related products to strangle their economy. The remarks follow U.S. Central Command strikes that permanently disabled one Iranian crude oil carrier off the coast of Kharg Island and one near Jask, while another oil tanker was attacked in the Gulf of Oman. CENTCOM stated the attacks were retaliation for Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ballistic missiles launched toward two Navy warships, which successfully evaded the attacks without U.S. casualties. Admiral Brad Cooper warned the IRGC that the U.S. will impose an even higher economic cost by taking out three of their ships if they shoot at two American ships. The conflict began on February 28 with American and Israeli airstrikes, and the U.S. blockade on Iranian oil exports that started in mid-April has effectively shut the Strait of Hormuz and sent global energy prices soaring. In response to recent attacks, Iranian parliament speaker Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf said Iran's proportionate responses are over and warned on Telegram that any violation of Iranian interests and security will receive a faster, heavier, and more painful response. Ghalibaf acknowledged severe economic pressures facing the country, noting that severe fluctuations in the exchange rate, inflation, unemployment, and market management have put serious pressure on people's livelihoods.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

100% covered (6/6). Missing: none

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

United States Energy Secretary Chris Wright said on Sunday that the nation might not reach a deal to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. This comes as their conflict enters its seventh month. The United States may instead focus on destroying Iranian capabilities to build a weapon. Wright told C. B. S. that President Donald Trump always prefers a negotiated settlement. Trump wants to avoid a military solution unless it is absolutely necessary. Wright added that the biggest role of the military right now is stopping the export of Iranian crude oil. This strategy aims to strangle the Iranian economy.

These remarks follow United States Central Command strikes. The strikes permanently disabled one Iranian crude oil carrier off the coast of Kharg Island. Another carrier was disabled near Jask, and a third tanker was attacked in the Gulf of Oman. C. E. N. T. C. O. M. stated the attacks were retaliation for ballistic missiles. Those missiles were launched by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps toward two Navy warships. The warships successfully evaded the attacks with no United States casualties. Admiral Brad Cooper warned the I. R. G. C. that the nation will impose a higher economic cost. He said the United States will take out three Iranian ships if they shoot at two American ships.

The conflict began on February twenty-eighth with American and Israeli airstrikes. A United States blockade on Iranian oil exports started in mid-April. That blockade has effectively shut the Strait of Hormuz and sent global energy prices soaring. In response to recent attacks, Iranian parliament speaker, Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf, said Iran proportionate responses are over. He warned on Telegram that any violation of Iranian interests will receive a faster and heavier response. Ghalibaf acknowledged severe economic pressures facing the country. He noted that severe fluctuations in exchange rates, inflation, unemployment, and market management have put serious pressure on the people.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

United States Energy Secretary Chris Wright said on Sunday that the nation might not reach a deal to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. This comes as their conflict enters its seventh month. The United States may instead focus on destroying Iranian capabilities to build a weapon. Wright told C. B. S. that President Donald Trump always prefers a negotiated settlement. Trump wants to avoid a military solution unless it is absolutely necessary. Wright added that the biggest role of the military right now is stopping the export of Iranian crude oil. This strategy aims to strangle the Iranian economy.

These remarks follow United States Central Command strikes. The strikes permanently disabled one Iranian crude oil carrier off the coast of Kharg Island. Another carrier was disabled near Jask, and a third tanker was attacked in the Gulf of Oman. C. E. N. T. C. O. M. stated the attacks were retaliation for ballistic missiles. Those missiles were launched by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps toward two Navy warships. The warships successfully evaded the attacks with no United States casualties. Admiral Brad Cooper warned the I. R. G. C. that the nation will impose a higher economic cost. He said the United States will take out three Iranian ships if they shoot at two American ships.

The conflict began on February twenty-eighth with American and Israeli airstrikes. A United States blockade on Iranian oil exports started in mid-April. That blockade has effectively shut the Strait of Hormuz and sent global energy prices soaring. In response to recent attacks, Iranian parliament speaker, Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf, said Iran proportionate responses are over. He warned on Telegram that any violation of Iranian interests will receive a faster and heavier response. Ghalibaf acknowledged severe economic pressures facing the country. He noted that severe fluctuations in exchange rates, inflation, unemployment, and market management have put serious pressure on the people.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

SKIPPED: 503 UNAVAILABLE. {'error': {'code': 503, 'message': 'This model is currently experiencing high demand. Spikes in demand are usually temporary. Please try again later.', 'status': 'UNAVAILABLE'}}

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: awkward punctuation

