═══ 00_KEY_POINTS ═══

1. Nearly 70 percent of the salmon consumed globally are raised in pens and cages.
2. USDA Dietary Guidelines recommend eating at least 8 ounces of fish every single week.
3. New research led by USDA scientists reveals that fatty acid levels in farmed salmon have dropped considerably.
4. This drop in nutrients potentially makes current dietary recommendations outdated and insufficient for consumers.
5. The research matters because farmed salmon may no longer be as nutritious as it once was.

═══ 01_DRAFT ═══

New research led by United States Department of Agriculture scientists finds that levels of heart-healthy Omega-3 fatty acids in farmed salmon have dropped considerably. Nearly 70 percent of the salmon consumed globally are currently raised in pens and cages to meet rising consumer demand driven by dietary advice to eat more fatty fish. The US Department of Agriculture Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend consuming at least 8 ounces of fish a week, urging people to choose salmon and other species high in Omega-3 fatty acids. Similar recommendations are issued by the American Heart Association. The new findings indicate that these established dietary guidelines and recommendations may now be outdated and insufficient given the reduced nutrient levels in farmed fish.

═══ 02_REDRAFT_HALLUCINATIONS ═══

Dietary advice to eat more fatty fish has driven rising consumer demand, which is largely met by farmed salmon, with nearly 70 percent of the world's consumed salmon raised in pens and cages. The US Department of Agriculture’s Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend eating at least 8 ounces of fish weekly and urge people to choose salmon and other species high in heart-healthy Omega-3 fatty acids, a stance also supported by the American Heart Association. However, new research led by USDA scientists indicates that levels of these fatty acids in farmed salmon have dropped considerably. Consequently, these established dietary guidelines and recommendations may now be outdated and insufficient.

═══ 02b_TRIMMED ═══

Dietary advice to eat more fatty fish has driven rising consumer demand, which is largely met by farmed salmon, with nearly 70 percent of the world's consumed salmon raised in pens and cages. The US Department of Agriculture’s Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend eating at least 8 ounces of fish weekly and urge people to choose salmon and other species high in heart-healthy Omega-3 fatty acids, a stance also supported by the American Heart Association. However, new research led by USDA scientists indicates that levels of these fatty acids in farmed salmon have dropped considerably.

═══ 03_COVERAGE_1 ═══

80% covered (4/5). Missing: This drop in nutrients potentially makes current dietary recommendations outdated and insufficient for consumers.

═══ 03b_EXPANDED_FOR_COVERAGE ═══

Dietary advice to eat more fatty fish has driven rising consumer demand, which is largely met by farmed salmon, with nearly 70 percent of the world's consumed salmon raised in pens and cages. The US Department of Agriculture’s Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend eating at least 8 ounces of fish weekly and urge people to choose salmon and other species high in heart-healthy Omega-3 fatty acids, a stance also supported by the American Heart Association. However, new research led by USDA scientists indicates that levels of these fatty acids in farmed salmon have dropped considerably. This drop in nutrients potentially makes current dietary recommendations outdated and insufficient for consumers.

═══ 04_AUDIO_REWRITE ═══

Health advice to eat more fatty fish has driven rising consumer demand. This demand is largely met by farmed salmon. Nearly seventy percent of the consumed salmon worldwide is raised in pens and cages. 

The U. S. Department of Agriculture Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend eating at least eight ounces of fish weekly. They urge people to choose salmon and other species high in heart-healthy Omega-three fatty acids. This stance is also supported by the American Heart Association. 

However, new research led by U. S. Department of Agriculture scientists indicates that levels of these fatty acids in farmed salmon have dropped considerably. This drop in nutrients potentially makes current dietary recommendations outdated and insufficient for consumers.

═══ 05_NORMALIZED ═══

Health advice to eat more fatty fish has driven rising consumer demand. This demand is largely met by farmed salmon. Nearly seventy percent of the consumed salmon worldwide is raised in pens and cages.

The U. S. Department of Agriculture Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend eating at least eight ounces of fish weekly. They urge people to choose salmon and other species high in heart-healthy Omega-three fatty acids. This stance is also supported by the American Heart Association.

However, new research led by U. S. Department of Agriculture scientists indicates that levels of these fatty acids in farmed salmon have dropped considerably. This drop in nutrients potentially makes current dietary recommendations outdated and insufficient for consumers.

═══ 06_COVERAGE_FINAL ═══

80% covered (4/5). Missing: The research matters because farmed salmon may no longer be as nutritious as it once was.

═══ 07_SANITY ═══

ISSUES: U. S. Department of Agriculture, Omega-three

